Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable
Love this dress!  it's sooo pretty.  i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite.  i bought a petite and am 5'8".  i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee.  would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite.
I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium, which was just ok. overall, the top half was comfortable and fit nicely, but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo, a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c
I love, love, love this jumpsuit. it's fun, flirty, and fabulous! every time i wear it, i get nothing but great compliments!
This shirt is very flattering to all due to the adjustable front tie. it is the perfect length to wear with leggings and it is sleeveless so it pairs well with any cardigan. love this shirt!!!
I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress.
I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops.
I ordered this in carbon for store pick up, and had a ton of stuff (as always) to try on and used this top to pair (skirts and pants). everything went with it. the color is really nice charcoal with shimmer, and went well with pencil skirts, flare pants, etc. my only compaint is it is a bit big, sleeves are long and it doesn't go in petite. also a bit loose for me, but no xxs... so i kept it and wil ldecide later since the light color is already sold out in hte smallest size...
I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.
I'm 5"5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath.
Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.
This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.
More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid
"Bought the black xs to go under the larkspur midi dress because they didn't bother lining the skirt portion (grrrrrrrrrrr).
my stats are 34a-28/29-36 and the xs fit very smoothly around the chest and was flowy around my lower half, so i would say it's running big.
the straps are very pretty and it could easily be nightwear too.
i'm 5'6"" and it came to just below my knees."
This is a nice choice for holiday gatherings. i like that the length grazes the knee so it is conservative enough for office related gatherings. the size small fit me well - i am usually a size 2/4 with a small bust. in my opinion it runs small and those with larger busts will definitely have to size up (but then perhaps the waist will be too big). the problem with this dress is the quality. the fabrics are terrible. the delicate netting type fabric on the top layer of skirt got stuck in the zip
I took these out of the package and wanted them to fit so badly, but i could tell before i put them on that they wouldn't. these are for an hour-glass figure. i am more straight up and down. the waist was way too small for my body shape and even if i sized up, i could tell they would still be tight in the waist and too roomy in the hips - for me. that said, they are really nice. sturdy, linen-like fabric, pretty color, well made. i hope they make someone very happy!
Material and color is nice.  the leg opening is very large.  i am 5'1 (100#) and the length hits me right above my ankle.  with a leg opening the size of my waist and hem line above my ankle, and front pleats to make me fluffy, i think you can imagine that it is not a flattering look.  if you are at least average height or taller, this may look good on you.
Took a chance on this blouse and so glad i did. i wasn't crazy about how the blouse is photographed on the model. i paired it whit white pants and it worked perfectly. crisp and clean is how i would describe it. launders well. fits great. drape is perfect. wear tucked in or out - can't go wrong.
A flattering, super cozy coat.  will work well for cold, dry days and will look good with jeans or a dressier outfit.  i am 5' 5'', about 135 and the small fits great.
I love the look and feel of this tulle dress. i was looking for something different, but not over the top for new year's eve. i'm small chested and the top of this dress is form fitting for a flattering look. once i steamed the tulle, it was perfect! i ordered an xsp. length was perfect too.
"If this product was in petite, i would get the petite. the regular is a little long on me but a tailor can do a simple fix on that. 

fits nicely! i'm 5'4, 130lb and pregnant so i bough t medium to grow into. 

the tie can be front or back so provides for some nice flexibility on form fitting."
I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb
"First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.

second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.

not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!"
Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress, i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured.
I love this shirt because when i first saw it, i wasn't sure if it was a shirt or dress. since it is see-through if you wear it like a dress you will need a slip or wear it with leggings. i bought a slip, wore the tie in the back, and rocked it with white wedges. you could also wear it as a vest. be careful with the buttons. i haven't had any fall off yet, but i feel like they will. overall it's great for any occasion and it's fun to wear!
Loved the material, but i didnt really look at how long the dress was before i purchased both a large and a medium. im 5'5" and there was atleast 5" of material at my feet. the gaps in the front are much wider than they look. felt like the dress just fell flat. both were returned. im usually a large and the med fit better. 36d 30 in jeans
I have been waiting for this sweater coat to ship for weeks and i was so excited for it to arrive. this coat is not true to size and made me look short and squat. the sleeves are very wide (although long). as a light weight fall coat the sleeves don't need to be as wide because you wouldn't be layerng too much underneath. the buttons need to be moved at least three inches in for a nicer fit. i thought about redoing the buttons myself but the sleeves looked even more out of proportion with a tigh
The colors weren't what i expected either. the dark blue is much more vibrant and i just couldn't find anything to really go with it. fabric is thick and good quality. has nice weight and movement to it. the skirt just wasn't for me, in the end.
I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....
This sweater is so comfy and classic - it balances a quirky hand-knit look with a beautiful color and practical fit. it is a bit cropped and boxy as part of the style, and as others mentioned, there are gaps in the knit that make it see-through. in my opinion this makes it perfect for layering! i like having a longer camisole showing underneath, or wearing it over a little dress. it's warm but still thin enough to fit under a jacket or coat.
Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!
I never would have given these pants a second look online, in person they are much cuter! the stripes are brighter and the fit more flattering. the crop has a cute flare which is right on trend. this brand has always run small for me, i am 5'8 about 140lbs and carry some chubbiness in the belly. i paired it with a collarless loose navy blazer
These pants are even better in person. the only downside is that they need to be dry cleaned.
I ordered this 3 months ago, and it finally came off back order. a huge disappointment. the fit wasn&#39;t so much the issue for me. the quality of the wool is subpar. someone else mentioned a &quot;felted wool&quot;...i guess, is that what you call it?  it does literally feel like felt! super thin, itchy, doesn&#39;t drape very well, and feels cheap (made in china). i got it on sale, but still not worth what i paid. definitely going back.
This is such a neat dress. the color is great and the fabric is super soft. i am tall so the long length was an added bonus. it definitely needs something underneath since the front gaps. i am going to pair it with a funky tank top, necklaces and boots. super cute!!
Wouldn't have given them a second look but tried them on in store of a whim. love, love!!
This is a comfortable skirt that can span seasons easily. while not the most exciting design, it is a good work skirt that can be paired with many tops.
Just ordered this in a small for me (5'6", 135, size 4) and medium for my mom (5'3", 130, size 8) and it is gorgeous - beautifully draped, all the weight/warmth i'll need for houston fall and winter, looks polished snapped or unsnapped. age-appropriate for both my mom (60's) and myself (30's). will look amazing with skinny jeans or leggings. we ordered the gray which is true to the photos.
Super cute and comfy pull over. sizing is accurate. material has a little bit of stretch.
Great casual top with flare. looks cute with grey pilcro stet jeans. flattering with peplum in back. nice cut for shoulders and neckline.
Pretty and unique. great with jeans or i have worn it to work with slacks and heels. the colors, print, and embroidery are lovely. reasonably priced!
This is a beautiful top. it's unique and not so ordinary. i bought my usual medium and i found that it fits tight across my chest. although i had a baby this year and i am nursing, so that could be why. if i bought again i would size up.
This poncho is so cute i love the plaid check design, the colors look like sorbet & cream and it will pair well with a turtleneck and jeans or pencil skirt and heels. i love this look for fall and it can roll right into spring. great buy!!
First, this is thermal ,so naturally i didn't expect super sheer, but it is. really sheer light fabric. i like it, but be prepared for considering who you might run into if you walk around the house in it. second, it is large. i ordered the size 0 and it's a nice oversized fit for my 5'3" 125 pounds. i wouldn't want to go larger. along with being sheer, the fabric is easily stretched, which i don't mind in this case. finally, the color. it looks white on my monitor and shows a colorful blue dot
Tried this on today at my local retailer and had to have it. it is so comfortable and flattering. it's too bad the picture online has the model tucking it into the skirt because you can't see the ruching across the front. a little dressier alternative to a plain tee and reasonably priced for retailer. 5'8"" and i generally wear a 6, the small fit well. will probably be back for the black!
I bought this item from online... the fit on the model looked a little loose but when i got mine it seemed a bit tight! so i took it back to the store & ordered a larger size. for the sale price this is a great top.
I love this top. i wear it all the time.  the problem is that you can tell i wear it all the time as the fabric has started to fade.  i'd still recommend it as it is so comfortable.
Very comfortable, material is good, cut out on sleeves flattering
This sweater is perfect for fall...it's roomy, warm, super comfy and the color really pops.
Really cute top! the embroidery on the collar & bib of this top is beautiful and unique, received lots of compliments & questions about where i got it. i'm rather busty up top and the medium fit well, a small probably would've fit better but it's still super adorable.
This is a cute top that can transition easily from summer to fall. it fits well, nice print and it's comfortable. i tried this on in the store, but did not purchase it because the color washed me out. this is not the best color for a blonde. would look much better on a brunette. if this was in a different color i most likely would have purchased it.
I absolutely love this bib tee! it's probably my favorite retailer purchase of all time. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds and the small was a perfect fit for me. i typically wear either a s or m tops.
Love the color and style, but material snags easily
Very soft and comfortable. the shirt has an unusual, asymmetrical seam that appears along the front, right-hand side of the garment. (the model is positioned so that you can't see this detail from the picture. i attached a picture that includes the front seam.) i actually like the seam - it creates more visual interest, and adds a little bit of ruching that helps hide my belly. the cowl neck is very well done - there are two layers that form the cowl, and i've found that it means wardrobe malfun
Nice top. armholes are a bit oversized but as an older woman, i'm picky about that. the print is pretty and unusual. it just didn't look great on me. there's a slight peplum in the back that hangs nicely. it's a lightweight tee fabric that's opaque. i tried it on with a black bra which was barely visible. great for warmer climates but there are so many gorgeous tops out now, that i decided to return since summer is winding down. i do recommend.
This is an adorable top that i find to be extremely comfortable. i don't usually buy prints but this one is so feminine and looks great with dark wash jeans. i am a 36d and the medium was a perfect fit.
I am pregnant and i thought this would be a great sleep bra. it's soft and fits okay, but it has zero support or shape. i would only buy if you are a b cup or smaller and can get away without support. if i would have seen this is the store, i would have passed over it. however, i was too lazy to return so i am wearing it. it's comfortable so that's a redeeming quality. i would not recommend for larger chested ladies, though!
This tank fit well and i loved the ruffle in the back and how it layed. but the front was not a good look and i will be retuning it.
I got this in the petite length, size o, and it fit just right. i like that i didn't have to have it altered in the length; can wear with flats with plenty of clearance to the floor from the bottom hem. my only beef with the design is the height of the waist. i personally think that the elastic waistband looks cheap, and really needs to be concealed with a belt, yet because it sits so high, literally right under the bustline, it's a tricky one to pull off. i have a wide belt that sort of does th
I've been looking for bralettes that provide some support but not binding/tight for night time and casual wear. this is a light weight bra, could be a little more supportive. pretty color, with nice lines. only downside is the retailer tag on the back - itchy (i need to remove it.)
This dress is simply beautiful and stunning. it is so figure flattering and i can't wait to wear it. size small worked for me, and since i'm tall it fell right to my ankle which is perfect for me. i could not be happier with the purchase and the keyhole in the back is a beautiful detail.
3 tags sewn in, 2 small (about 1'' long) and 1 huge (about 2'' x 3''). very itchy so i cut them out. then the thread left behind was plasticy and even more itchy! how can you make an intimates item with such itchy tags? not comfortable at all! also - i love bralettes and wear them all the time including to work. i am a b cup. however, this one is so thin and flimsy that it gives no support even to a b cup - so for me this would only be a lounging bralette - if it wasn't so itchy!
I recently got this on sale after looking at it forever on my wish list. i'm so happy with it. its very comfortable and just long enough for my torso (5'3). the pattern on the front is very flattering.
Very comfortable shirt, light weight top with lovely floral colors. great for spring/summer with white jeans. love everything one september makes!
Loved this top and was really happy to find it on sale!
Beautiful top, but delicate! i wore it to school and the straps on my backpack caused some pilling. other than that it is beautiful and vibrant! just make sure you aren't doing/wearing anything that will rub it continuously since the fabric is delicate
Just received this in the mail, tried it on and am smitten. i'm usually a l, but sometimes i'm a xl (if no stretch), in retailer tops. i bought this one in l and i'm sure glad i did. very flowy, stretchy and comfortable. i also bought the meda lace top from one september and they are very similar expect this is more of a t-shirt and the other is more of a blouse. i almost think i could've gotten a m in this because there is a lot of extra fabric at the chest which is usually never the issue for me
Love this top! i kept eyeing it online and wavering on size, since my post-baby body is a little wonky. i went with the xsp, and miraculously, it works perfectly! so, i would say it does run just a little large..... i love the length, and usually do not go with petite sizes at retailer because i like the longer lengths of the regular. but this is perfect on me, and there is give up top, so it looks lovely. and it is very soft and comfortable. this will be a go-to top this season!
I really loved this top online and wanted to love it in person. it is soft and the patter is okay in person. the neckline is higher than i am used to. also, there are two buttons in the back that must be unbuttoned in order to wear the top. it is difficult to button them behind your neck with the top on. unfortunately i had to return this item...
I really wanted this to work. alas, it had a strange fit for me. the straps would not stay up, and it had a weird fit under the breast. it worked standing up, but the minute i sat down it fell off my shoulders. the fabric was beautiful! and i loved that it had pockets.
This top is so cute, but it is massively babydoll shaped (a- line) which is not apparent from the pictures. i measured the xs i have and the chest is about 42" and sweep is over 70". i would definitely keep this top if it hung straighter. the craftsmanship is lovely and fabric is so natural and handwoven looking. i'm thinking about asking my tailor if she can take the sides in, but that might ruin it as the fabric layout is cut and proportioned to this swing style.
Why do designers keep making crop tops??!! i can't imagine this would be flattering on anyone, especially someone average height and well endowed on top. i looked like a football player. the pattern and fabric are gorgeous, so if you are like 4' tall and super tiny and can fit xxs this may work? i am between a 6-8 and fit a small and it was huge on me and almost was bigger at the bottom than the top. such a weird cut. there is a cami underneath so if it rides up that will show but that is so 80s
"I have a short torso and this works well for me. 34c, bought the 0. there's not much stretch to the fabric so it is fitted to my chest, but not in an uncomfortable way. definitely doesn't hang and have extra fabric like on the model. 

zipper goes almost all the way down to the bottom so it's easier to get on and off which makes up for the lack of stretch n the fabric.

unlike another reviewer, i found it went really well with navy pants and i wore it to a business meeting under a blazer. wi"
I love this top. it is loose and comfortable. it is not sheer so you don't need a cami. it runs a little large so size down if you want a more tailored fit. 1 criticism, it catches on sharp jewelry or belts and can pull if you are not careful.
I passed up this dress so many times in the store and finally tried it on today because i wanted a casual dress while traveling in the cape. i was surprised how much cuter it is on than on hanger. i sized down to get a more fitting look and really made a difference for me in style. i was not a fan of the way it looked so loose on model. it looks really cute fitted and a bit sexy even. it is lined and very comfy and can be dressed up a but for work with a cardi. i believe i will get a lot of wear
I am so drawn to baby doll and boxy shirts so i immediately tried this on in the store. i am petite and only 5'2", so usually shirts with a lot of fabric swallow me whole but this one was still cute. there is a lot more fabric than the picture lets on, but i think it is still super cute and flattering. i would definitely check the size chart and read comments to see if someone with your same size description has recommended a specific size for your body type. i am petite and weigh about 110 lbs
I would have loved this dress if the bust and waist were just a little more fitted. i am 32c and the top was too big. fit perfectly on hips. the lace material means it cannot be easily altered, so i chose to return the dress. i would have definitely kept it if it were a better fit.
The zipper broke on this piece the first time i wore it. very disappointing since i love the design. i'm actually going to try to replace the zipper myself with something stronger, but annoying that it's come to that.
I usually size up with this brand. small was perfect for me at 135lbs. this top has a luxurious but casual feel and beautiful. i am obsessed and want to wear it everyday. it wears a little long and drapey but a little tight where it rolls up in the arms.
This dress is adorable - it's a perfect casual look for summer and the quality is nice with the lining (though still overpriced, in my opinion). the tie detail is somewhat adjustable, and i found my normal size s to fit fine (5'7, 128#). where this gets me is the fact that it's dry clean...totally doesn't make sense for a dress that is essentially a fancy tshirt for summer. i might bring it back for that alone, since i originally planned to wear it a lot. :(
"I am usually a petite 6 but since this dress did not come in petites i tried on 4 and it fit. i'm 5'1"" -112lbs so dress hit rt below knee -will have it hemmed up a bit do not so overwhelming.

this dress looks stunning on! great vibrant color ( i have dark hair) makes this classic elegant dress look contemporary and stylish. when i tried it on in store, salesperson and others who happen to see it on me raved and told me to grab it! i did and am glad.

i plan to wear it this spring for my daughte"
Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material
The rest of the reviewers are right about the color being in accurately pictured. i ordered the dark orange color and i recieved more of a dark cedar brown colored jacket. the print is great, i love it! it's so different than any other jackets ive seen. while the jacket is ã¼ber cute, it is a bit bulky (though the waist tie helps with that) and its not heavy winter appropriate ( it's not waterproof or heavily insulated). for your average winter day though, it will be a fun option! the removable v
I purchased this top in an antro store last week. the quality is wonderful and the greenish blue color is very unique. the blouse has a beautiful stretchy camsiole that is attached at the shoulders, but can be removed by snaps. i tooks great when worn two different ways. i wore it with the campole out, and it peeks through the blouse at the bottom. it also looks great when the camisole is worn in. my only wish is that it would come in a petite size as it's a touch big at the shoulders and neckli
I received this shirt in my typical xs and it fits perfectly. i?m not crazy in love with it but i also don?t dislike. the shirt is on the thin side. do i need to wear a cami underneath it, no. my concern is holes. it does remind me of a material that could develop some holes after some wear and washes. with that being said i?ll wash this shirt in cold water and hang dry and hopefully that will prevent holes from developing. the length is fine and i do like the slits in front?it adds a little dim
I was really hoping to like this, but it did not look the way it does on the model, at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors
"I tried this on from the sale section, and they only had a 2 (i usually do 0), and surprisingly, that size was the right fit. it is fitted, with just enough room to eat :-) 
te blue is a light blue, almost neutral, with the white embroidery, i think it looked stylish, and decided to keep it. the peplum part hit just in the right spot, i am short (petite) but my torso is normal size..."
I debated n that as i think it looks loose on the model, but if i was to tighten it, it looks a lot more flattering... i tried on the xs in the store (i usually do that to decide if i need petite), and it looked huge, when we pinched the back to see if xxs would work, it was a lot of fabric, and looser didn't look as good on me... but i like the dress overall, so still recommend. and for those who like the looser look, this is great. i would, however, order eptite for 5'1.5". (115 lbs, 03 dd che
Really cute piece, but it's huge. i ordered an xxs petite and it was unfortunately extremely wide and not flattering. returning.
I bought this top online in the burnt orange color and was so excited to get it. when i tried it on, the fit was fine but it just lacked...something. the back was a little bit too long, the front was a little bit too short and it lacked the overall tailored look that i was after. gorgeous fabric and top, but not for me. i wanted something more for $150! bought the velvet tunic instead ;)
I love cute summer dresses and this one, especially because it is made out of linen, is unique. it is very well-made with a design that is quite flattering. i am 5 foot 6 and a little curvy with a 38 c bust and i got a size 10. it fits well although it is difficult to zip up because the material has no give. the perfect dress to wear to italy or france! now i just have to book my tickets!
This top is so much prettier in real life than it is on the model. the pattern and texture are both lovely, and the peplum is surprisingly flattering. it is definitely on the short side, but i think that gives it a modern look. the fabric does not stretch at all, but i still think it fits tts. if you have a very large chest you may want to go up a size, but otherwise i would order your normal size.


This shirt caught my eye because of how beautiful it was. i love the shape, design, and and the color. it's perfect for spring and summer with some white pants. unfortunately, i don't see any possibilities for this shirt to be worn any other way. so far, it doesn't work with any of my jeans, skirts, or shorts. i usually prefer items with more versatility for outfits, so i'm still on the fence if i'm going to keep it or not. with that aside, it seriously is a great quality shirt with a beautiful
"Purchased this top online, and when i received it was very pleased.
it has and elegant cut and yet is a casual fabric.
love that the sleeves run longer......ads to the overall look.
also loved the v neckline.........enhances the feel of the overall style.
with various necklaces this top has limitless options!
the color states moss....which i usually think of as greenish brown......i found it to be more of a taupe.
would have liked it to have a green tones, however it is still a fantastic f"
I usually wear a medium and bought a small. it fit ok, but had no shape and was not flattering. i love baby doll dresses and tops, but this was a tent. my daughter saw me try it on and said "that's a piece of tablecloth." it's going back.
I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute, but it was huge, shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews.

I am in need of easy comfortable tops for everyday wear. i bought this top mostly because of the cute buttons. when i received it, it looked exactly as it does in the picture online, however, the buttons kept slipping out of their homes because the holes were slightly too big. the shirt fit but was just a tad snug near the upper arms, which would stretch and loosen up throughout the day. it's definitely a comfortable shirt, but it felt more like a pajama top. it's going back.
At first i wasn't sure about it. the neckline is much lower and wavy than i thought. but after wearing it, it really is comfortable. it stretches a lot, so i wear a cami underneath so when i lean forward i'm not showing the world my torso.
I find that this brand can be a little bit all-over-the-place with sizes. had i tried this on in person i may have bought it in a small instead of a m. despite being a bit big it still looks great and hides my flaws well. i bought a m in another shirt from them (the seamed scoop neck) and that shirt was a full 2 inches smaller in the bust than this. just something to keep in mind. still a great shirt, love the neutral color.
This top is absolutely stunning. i purchased the white one. just received and it fits nicely-a little on the big side but i believe it looks better that way. this will look great with everything. it is well constructed and looks very unique. love it!
The fabric felt cheap and i didn't find it to be a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.
Runs big and looked unflattering. i am petite, might work on someone taller.
I bought this lovely silk/velvet shirt in the &quot;sky&quot; color but it is more on the teal blue side than sky blue, which disappointed me. it is definitely darker than appears in photo. still a luxurious well-made beauty with sassy appeal. it drapes like a snake slithering down your body. it comes with attitude.
Was so excited to order this beautiful shirt!  and the color sky is gorgeous!  but as another reviewer said--it runs small.  it was also way too short.  so sadly i will be returning this.  i gave it 5 stars because it is beautiful and great quality--it just didn't fit me.
I ordered ivory in xl because this brand tends to run tight if you're well endowed. it's a beautiful color and i love the contrasting plaid lining the inside of the collar and cuffs. haven't decided about keeping it because it looks oversized (but cozy) and it's really long. it almost touches the top of my knees in back. sooooo pretty though.
The shirt is exactly as it is pictured, i have the burnt orange color and love it! i received numerous compliments both paired with jeans and tucked into a fun skirt. it fits true to size, as i normally wear a small in all retailer however it is the slightest bit tight in the shoulders. i would give this top a 5/5.
Perfect dress for hot, humid, sticky weather.
This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.
I didn't end up keeping this dress...it just wasn't right for me. it is very cute and fit well but the fabric was very thin (partially lined which is a plus) and the hem line coming up on the sides made it just too short for me. i ordered the petite xs and liked the length in front and back well but the side slit/vent was just too high for my liking. the tie part hit at the perfect spot for me at only 5'4" (~118#). i guess i just didn't "love" it and would rather save my funds for something i ca
I read the first review on this and ordered both a small and a medium as i thought this would run small. i have to totally disagree with the reviewer! i find that this top runs true to size or even generous! the sky color is so pretty and this top can be dressed up with some nice heels and a necklace or it can be comfy casual! i usually wear a small in hh brand and this one was true to fit (5"2", broad shoulders, 120 lb)
This dress is comfortable and stylish at the same time. it runs true to size. i'm 5'1" 113 lbs and got the xs petite. wore it once so far for a few hours and got a few compliments on it!
"The design/shape of the dress are quite flattering, flirty and feminine. but.... there is no way that the dress i received is new. the color is a faded washed out red and there are black stains all over the belt area. there is no tag... the fabric looks droopy and laundered and is not crisp, stiff or new. i am very disappointed by the quality of the item that i received. undoubtedly this one is going back.

dear retailer - please make sure that you do not send pre-owend clothing articles to"
This one totally worked for me. love the color, length, and style.
Prior reviewer nailed it with the summary of this dress. it definitely needs heels. i'm 5'4", 120#, 34d and this is a size 36. i usually wear a size s or 4 with most retailer stuff.
This is the perfect summer dress. it can be dressed up or down. the quality of the linen fabric is very nice. i'm 5'1" and it hit right below my knees. i found it to run true to size. those with a smaller bust might want to go down a size, but the tie in the front can be adjusted. it's lovely.
First, the fabric is beautiful and lovely for spring and summer. i really wanted to like this top, but the fitting is so awkward for me. i typically where a 0/xs, and sized up in the shirt to a size 2. it was very tight and pulled funny across the chest (size 32/a). i also found the cut at the shoulders very narrow (need a strapless bra) and made it look unflattering overall. had to return this one back to the store.
"The color is perfect for fall and into winter. only the inside collar on the photo shows the subtle plaid lining. the lining was an unexpected bonus, and adds even more dimension to the shirt if the sleeves are turned up.
the fit is true to size and the 'stressed' velvet fabric is current for this season.
i'm going to enjoy wearing this shirt."
The perfect striped t-shirt, and the cute little buttons down the front are a wonderful accent with each one being different. i love it!
Great look and you can wear this vest with almost everything . i normally wear a small but they only had mediums and it fit fine( i like it tied). this will stay in my closet all year round . it does look like it will wrinkle easily but that doesn't bother me . a must buy !
This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model.
After reading the previous reviews, i ordered a size larger. i am so glad i did it! it fits perfectly! i am 5'4"/115/32dd and went with the s regular. so beautiful! i can't wait to wear it!
I was so excited to try out this top since it was such a bargain and neutral. unfortunately, the shape is "a" line and accentuates the hip area a bit more than i find flattering. so, it will be returned.
"Like others reviewers mentioned on here, this dress is extremely well made. but there were too many cons for me, as well. this would most certainly work on a petite/shorter frame, but for tall, busty, and curvier girls, it just sits wrong on all places unfortunately. the color is lovely along with the nice collar that ties in the back really made this dress stand out.

however, i'm a 36c and found that the arm/shoulder part so large and bulky that is made me look bigger on top. there was entirel"
I read the previous reviews and had hoped that the exclamations about the color being inaccurate were exaggerated- however they are sadly very true. let me be clear that this is a beautiful, comfortable piece of clothing- when you put it on it feels thick and of very good quality. and while the pattern is interesting and pretty, the "dark orange" color i was expecting is actually a mud brown. i think it's unfortunate that retailer misrepresented such a key element of the jacket, but i digress. the
This coat is beautiful! i love the color and the design. it definitely runs a little large. i usually wear a small or a zero and i can wear a small wth a large sweater underneath no problem. i might have wanted an extra small but i just stuck with the small because i needed the coat already. the vest keeps it warm, but the sleeves aren't lined so it's cold unless you have a nice sweater underneath it if you're going to be in cold weather.
Nice vest, pretty olive color, hangs nice but...its just kinda funny. just hangs and really looks odd when tied. i like the laying piece just wished it had more "umph".
This top is super comfy and casual. the slit/design in the front gives it more of a stylish look than your average white long sleeve tee. would definitely recommend.
Intrepid soul that i am, i washed it in the machine in cold water on a 25 minute cycle, then put it in the dryer for 8 minutes, shook it out, hung it up, and it is just the same as when it went in. doesn't need to be ironed and didn't shrink. yes, the swing is vast, but that is part of its charm. pair it with a fitted piece on the bottom and no one will think that you are actually needing that much material to cover anything! i think it is fun, something i will use for years, wonderfully comfort
It's ok, fit doesn't wow me because of my body. chest is too wide, hips look too narrow. drapes across my back fat in an especially non-flattering way. basically made my square-apple body look more square-apple. great part about this dress is that it's comfy and hides the tummy pooch. construction is poorly done...contrasting liner at v-neck is rolling out on one side only and then doing the same at the hem contralaterally. another negative point is dry clean only. boo. i'm 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 an
In my retailer this was hung over in the pj section, and it really has more of a jammie top feel... soft, thin and stretchy. it's super cozy and comfortable and it drapes really nice. mine seems to have stretched out a little, especially the neckline (and the little buttons have a hard time staying closed). i'm happy with it though for what it is - a great, casual day t.
I love this vest! there are so many ways to style it...open or tied closed, over a dress or with a tshirt and jeans. i get compliments every time i wear it. it's soft and light enough to add interest to an outfit without being too heavy/hot to wear all day.
This blouse is a perfect creation: perfect-weight cotton, many, many details, and color, all perfectly executed. there's fullness to the body, so this will definitely be easy to wear in hot, humid locations this summer, and it would be easy to pair with many things you have already for a casual yet collected look. there's no mistaking quality when you look at this piece! i bought the medium for my 130#, 34f, size 8 blouse/tee frame. this is the blouse you will have for years, and you will enjoy

"Love this vest! the color looks a little more brown in the picture than it really is--it's a deep forest green that goes great with jeans or black pants. a great piece for polished but casual style, and the fabric has a nice, soft suede-like finish.

if only the was *slightly* higher to hit my true natural waist, it would get that fifth star (but sometimes i wear petite sizes, so that might be the issue here--still looks good tied)."
I received the sky color in m online.  am definetly keeping it as it is beautiful.  however i wish they had made it a little less wide and more long.  i am 5 3 and could totally size down to a s but even at my height it would be too short.  i like crop tops and waist hitting tops a lot.  but the shortness on this one just looks like it shrunk in the dryer
I am obsessed with peplum down coats because the ones you usually see have no shape and are extremely unflattering. i was excited for this to arrive. this is quite nice and it looks more feminine than the other down coats out there. the coat itself runs just true to my shirt size but not what i want for a coat. i will be returning this for a size up because i will want to wear a sweater or at least maybe a thicker shirt under this especially for winter or fall. the fabric is decent and the weigh
The silhouette and length of this skirt and length are flattering, classic and comfortable! the colors and weight of this skirt make it versatile - could be worn year-round (so long as it's not 100 degrees out - there is a bit of weight to it). it's one of my favorite pieces in my closet. can be styled 20 different ways. pair with a higher-end tee, tank, denim jacket or body-hugging sweater. i sized down.
Perfect for work or going out. i layered this with the reversible tank in medium pink so it would be work appropriate. it did not feel scratchy to me, maybe because i layered it. great buy especially with the discounts. feel like i lucked out.
It's a pretty top, but it runs very short. the back is also pretty see through so i'm not sure i will keep it. it's called off the shoulder but it is so tight when you try and actually wear it off the shoulder. great design, just not sure i will keep it due to length

Ii'm not usually big on lace but this is so unique and versatile that i went for it. looks good dressed up w/a nice top or casual w/a tee. can be worn practically all year. love it!
"My firned tried this on and her first comment was ""take it off, it is scratchy"", so i didn't bother trying it on. it is, however, beautiful, if you are not sensitive to scratchy material.
fit was true to size."
"The stylist had me try this top on off the shoulders, but that was kind of snug, perhaps why it didn't fit right, it is not off the shoulders on this picture. the cut is loose, so it looked big on me, but going smaller would not have worked the way i had it on... may give it another try on. xs was big, so would need to try the xxs next time. but off the shoulders looked nice on the lady who was smaller built next to me!

colors are nice, light, but appropriate for fall (or summer!) light fabri"
Some reviewers found this skirt to be on the smaller side, but for me, it was big,,, too bad the smaller size is sold out (well, all peittes are sold out). the length is also pretty long, below the knee, but in the narrow part still...so able to keep it. the colors are great. i brought it in the store to try on in front fo the stylists, adn they all loved it and told me to keep it... winner for sure!
I purchased this skirt at retailer store in texas. i fell in love since i saw it. the fabric is nice and the colors are pretty and cheerful for this spring/summer !! and it has pockets on the sides! don't we love pockets? very practical and lightweight
This is a very pretty skirt and the colors are better in real life. sizing was mostly true to size for me, slightly tight in the waist but i have a thicker waist compared to my hips. i'm 5'7 and 138# and ordered a size 4 (i usually size up to a 6 with retailer pencil skirts.) a 6 probably would have fit as well, especially in the waist but didn't want it too big in the hips. length was perfect, to my knees.
This skirt is wonderful! the price point seems a bit high for the average office gal, but the quality is impeccable. i really enjoy looking at myself in the mirror when wearing this skirt. it can be dressed up, dressed down, worn during all seasons. the design/pattern is artsy and whimsical without being too "out-there" (unless you want it to be, of course!). the fit is true to size, and the delicate details are just lovely.
Like other reviewers noted, the pics don't do this skirt justice. it is truly beautiful with an intricate lace pattern and rich colors. can't wait to wear this to work!
Love this skirt. the detail is amazing. runs small i ordered a 12 i'm usually a 10, but still a little snug.
Not keeping this one. the fabric is a bit tacky-looking in person, the cut is odd and it's just not me. fit is fine and there are snaps to keep the neckline flat and shaped, the colors are as shown and it is a good length (falls to top of hip). i simply did not like it. too metallic looking maybe...
The top as with most of ap's tops is well stitched. material is very uncomfortable. if you have large bust it is a little divulging. this may prompt you to wear something underneath to look modest and change the shape of the top!
I love the metallic colors of this top and figured i could wear it under a ruched jacket and circle skirt for work. welp, that's out the window. this design is poor. for one, this is not a piece for a petite woman with no torso and i don't know how anyone with a longer torso wears t his. this hits above my belly botton on and i got apetite 2. i have no torso. so, without a jacket, i would never wear this. it's very low cut..the back is very low..it's a little loose but i run between a 2 and a 4.
This top is so much better in person. i do not agree with some of the other reviews about the fabric being scratchy. it is not and i have sensitive skin. i love this top and have got lots of compliments.
This is a lovely pencil skirt that is well-made and really brightens a work day. like a lot skirts with multiple colors, a lot of tops feel like they should match but you have to try a few that really work with the skirt and your look to get the right impact.
So  disappointed that no where in the limiting did it mention this suit is australian in size!! i ordered the 10 (i'm usually an 8 but that was sold out) and the suit arrives and doesn't even fir over my hips. -- the label clearly says 10 australian us 6!  gutted that i have to return this suit because of this sizing issue.  the suit looks to be well made and the design is adorable of it only for.
I saw this top online and read the reviews so i passed when i went into the store. when i went in again i thought i would give it a try. so glad i did ! it fits great and is way way prettier in person ! i ended up buying it and so glad i did !
This is a very pretty top with vibrant metallic colors. i would be perfect for a holiday party or going out to dinner. it wasn't as scratchy as i thought it would be based on the reviews, however, it ran a little big. i'm 5.3 and about 130 pounds and i almost always wear a size 6, but the six was too big. i'd recommend sizing down. it was also lower cut than i thought it would be....showed a lot of cleavage (i'm a 34d) so it's not work appropriate. .
Love everything about this beautiful coat except the way it fits on me.  it is just perfect in the shoulders but once it flares out at the bottom, i look like a clown costume.  if i size down it will not fit in my shoulders.  perhaps a tailor can install buckles that match the neckline buckle to the sides of the coat to fold in the flare.  on another note the buckle at the neckline feels very hard and fake, not sure if it's real leather.
"The title says it all....this fabric of this top is both the best and worst part of the design. the colors are vibrant and the combination of materials (shoulder is a knit, sweater-like navy fabric) is interesting. however, that is where the positive comments end on this one. the top is so scratchy,, stiff, and, frankly, uncomfortable. i cannot imagine wanting to wear it. it could benefit from a lining, and that might have solved the problem of scratchy, itchy fabric.

the stiff fabric of the bo"
My usual size 6 fits perfectly... yes the metallic fibers on the inside are scratchy. a cami solves that problem. when ordering, i realized i cld not go strapless & wld have to wear a one of my wider strap cami's in navy or black to cover the bra strap area. it was obvious some sort of cover-up swtr or jacket w/b needed & wld cover the strap area anyway. so, i also ordered the 'faux-fur cardi' in the ivory to wear over this top. it's a shrug-like cardi w/ 3/4 slvs. comes in the plum also if you
The online picture does not do this skirt justice. it's very pretty and unique in design. i think it should be worn with a tighter shirt that is tucked in unlike the picture. this is truly a pretty pencil skirt.
I bought this and like other reviews, agree that the quality probably could be better, but i still love it enough to keep. the buckle fell apart, but i was able to fix it and the zipper seems a little weak. it has pilled, but the fabric is textured, so i didn't even notice until i read the other reviews and then looked back at my jacket.  it is a perfect medium coat for 40's & 50's before i am ready to bust out my ugly down north face for winter.  i get compliments every time i wear it!  love!!

I bought a petite, size 2. i am 5'3", 111 lb - it fit perfect with a tiny bit of room. looks just like the one pictured. length on me was about 1 inch lower than the model. very bright with multiple colors. has a nice stretch. very cute.
This will be perfect for the mild fall weather in texas. it's light weight and i love that the top is a little more fitted and the bottom swings out.

I love the dresses by maeve and this one is no exception. i was pleasantly surprised upon receiving this dress because i wasn't sure about the print size and colors when i saw it online, but the print is beautiful. it's a very simple but elegant style and the ruffle on the back adds an extra touch of interest. i like that it has enough coverage at the top (front and back), the underarms do not fall very low, and it is lined. the a-line skirt will flatter most body types. the fabric and overall q
These pants are fun! i use them as sleep pants. i had to size up because the waist band was a little tight for comfort.
I ordered this in xs, i'm 5'4", around 115lbs, and it fits perfectly. the material is very soft, but not see-through, and the romper is well-made. i wish it came in other colours, i'd buy more!
"I purchased these for something other than sweats to wear for a girls get away weekend. they were so comfortable and flattering, friends told me i could wear them out for dinner.

the fabric is beautiful, and i loved the way they draped. the angled cut on the legs is very cute, and something a bit different. these could be perfect for a hot summer evening dinner, because the fabric is very light and breezy. dress it up with a tank top and ballet flats and you're good to go."
Love this cream sleeveless top....it goes with everything and you can dress it up or down! this will be a go to top all summer long and probably wear thru the fall as well with a layered sweater, if needed. i typically wear small or medium size and got the medium hoping for a little longer length. i am 5'7, 34c, and overall wt. of approx. 128 lbs...it fits very nicely . thank you retailer!
This skirt is beautiful (especially the color) and looks well made. however, i am very pear shaped and this skirt is just too straight to be flattering on me. i agree that it runs small but even when i sized up it still wasn't flattering. i imagine that those who were not bestowed with massive hips will look lovely in this.
Happy with this top- slightly thinner material than i was expecting but that'll be fine with our hot summers. got the navy striped one- very pretty and extremely soft. washes well. i do wear an tank underneath though bc the armholes are slightly large and you can see part of my bra.
Love the fit of this sweater! it almost fits like a sweatshirt and definitely not as long as on the model. it hits me just below the hips( for ref. im 5-3"). im considering getting all the other colors because its so cute and comfortable. could be dressed up or down. runs true to size-im always a small and this fits perfectly roomy.
I love this sweater!! i like sweaters that are narrow on top and taper out so it doesn't look like a sack on me. plus, it is the perfect weight. i wish i would have bought one in a different color because it is so comfortable.
The colors are vivid and perfectly autumnal but the fit is a mess. it was overall too large, the waistline curves up in the front and then falls into small pleats which was maternityish, the waistband was thicker than the dress and sat away from my body and the material was a cheapish poly. had the outer dress been made from the same material as the lining, i would have liked it better. the modesty closure was a plus but the dress was already unraveling when i took it out. #returned
Love this tunic! i am a curvy gal (with a few extra 'curves' in the middle) and this is a perfect top for accentuating the good and masking the negative. i purchased the pink color and it is a gorgeous peachy- pink, a much deeper color than what is portrayed in the picture. i found it true to size. typically i wear a medium or large, depending on the structure and the medium fit well. a little more fitted on top and looser around the waist. i came back to buy another in the ivory but alas, it is
Loved the green color, the cut is super flattering, but alas, i do need hte petite, ti was a bit long and i looked a little lost. unfrotuantely, the color is sold out in petite :-(
"But i thought this was lace or with texture, it is more a pattern on regular fabric.

colors are nice, there are subtle flowers with bright colors in the pattern, the fit is nice, the 0p fit snugly enough, i don't think there was much give but that was comfortable enough. petite length did end below the knee as shown. i think it would have been nicer shorter but don't want to have to pay extra to ehm so i left that one behind...maybe on sale :-)"
I like this sweater so much i just bought it in a second color! the pleats make the sweater conform to my shape just enough to be flattering. i wore it over three different dresses this week that might have felt too bare for work or cooler weather. i live in a hot climate so this is the right weight for our cooler months. the metallic threads give it a little bit of flair and the grey color goes with everything. i'm 5'7" size 10-12 and the large fit just right.
Beautiful color,, great quality, and great fit if you size up! i learned my lesson with previous purchases and sized up when i read it runs small. i usually wear a 0/2 and i took a risk and went for the 4. it fits perfectly. i have a 25 in waist.
Online, this looks like a great sweater. i ordered an xxsp and found that this sweater is much wider in the middle than pictured. in fact, i'm pretty sure they pinned the shirt in the back for the picture to make it appear slimmer. unfortunately, this sweater will not work for me, as i am an hourglass shape and this shirt makes me look 20 pounds heavier.
I was worried about this item when i ordered it because of how it looks in the picture, but i had wishful thinking. i should have gone with my gut! this shirt does not have the same quality as all my other retailer purchases. it is see-through and flimsy. the bottom is just like the picture, it hangs in an odd rumpled way. the top is very flattering though, so it's a shame! if the bottom fit nicer like their other products i could have gotten away with wearing a cami under it to make up for the qu
This skirt is a great length and nice piece for fall/winter. i love the color. it fits like a high waisted skirt would which is why i purchased the next size up.
This easel caftan is simply amazing! the silhouette fits all sizes and shapes while providing a unique dress.
Just came today: the print is gorgeous.  very bohemian. it's a dressier dress with the chiffon.  on the con side, the chiffon is very delicate, snagged easily while trying on. there's raw edges on the waistband, needed trimming fresh out of the package.  sz 10 fit in the waist, too small for 36d bust; sz 12 fits bust but is big in the waist.  sz 10 ankle length for 5'7", 12 hits the floor.  haven't decided if i'll keep the 12 and try to alter.
My waist measures 28" and the size 4 is a snug fit. i normally buy size 2 in retailer skirts, but the 2 was unbearably tight. cute skirt though! i like that it's machine washable, and the quality looks good.
I love the fabric and color (i bought the green one). my only complaint is that the base is wider than the picture shows. it looks more fitted on the model. it is more of an a shape (significantly wider at the hips.)
I was minimally torn over whether to return this but ultimately it's going back because the knit is just too thin. i thought it would be cozy and be of normal sweater weight but it's not. and because it's so light, the swing effect doesn't really come off. nothing special.

I love the color of this skirt, and the fabric is wonderful. it was a bit longer than anticipated, but fit well.
Dress ran very large in every way. beautiful design, lining and quality material. i should have sized down 2 sizes. item is now sold out.
Finally a "swing top" that doesn't look like a sack on me! i've been wanting to partake of this current style, but everything i've tried so far just looks "dumpy" on me. not this top -- it is very feminine and flattering. i am 5'7" 118 lbs and have a small waist -- and although this is a "swing" style, it still shows my waist and doesn't overpower me. it is also a lovely fabric -- especially in the soft pink which i got. i'm thinking of going back for more colors!
"I bought this shirt in the neutral and white and love it. so many people compliment it. i usually pair it with white pants and cute wedges to dress it up (obviously with a statement necklace too). but the greatest thing about this shirt is the fact that you can also dress it down. the material is fabulous but i have not washed it yet so i am not sure if it is going to shrink (which i hope it doesn't because it is one of my favorite pieces). 

unlike the other reviewer i did not think that the"
Unlike the other reviewers, i did not have any problem with the sizing, fit or length of this skirt. it is a midi skirt so i think it's suppose to be a little bit longer?? for me it fit true to size. for reference i am 5'8", 135 pounds and the size 6 fit perfectly. i think the color is beautiful and the quality is good.
For a now feel, that comfy and well made, this was a great choice!
This skirt looks exactly as pictured and fits great. i purchased it a few weeks ago and got lots of compliments on it. however, on the third wear, the side zipper split wide open. needless to say, it was returned.
Dang, i got a small and was still swimming in it. it's made of the fabric that increasingly seems to be the fabric of choice for all things t-shirty- soft and thin-ish, a bit translucent. i'd rather wait for something more formfitting and flattering- back it went.

Bought this item on sale and was very disappointed in the quality for the cost. fabric feels cheap, like it will snag easily and will stretch out quickly. did not flatter the female form- felt like a burlap sack. gorgeous blue color but not worth the price tag. returned it.
Nice weight sweater that allows one to wear leggings or ultra skinny jeans without looking like i'm pregnant (not that there's anything wrong with that) very feminine and light weight enough to wear with a cami underneath and a pretty scarf.
I loved this top; it reminded me of one i have from retailer from circa 2008 in black and white; however, on this one, the chest area is too big, in both the 14 and 16, and i even found myself tugging downward on the fabric to keep it in place because the waist is elastic and also too big. i probably need a size 12, but then i fear it would be too short-waisted on me, for i am 5'10". unfortunately, it is not for me. also, the sleeves are much bigger and flouncier than they appear in the photo on t
I love the rich deep color and the style but once again this brand runs really small in the waist. i am normally a 8/10 in retailer skirts and the size 10 was tight at the waist enough so i could not button it and feel comfortable. the quality is ok, something i feel i would see at another type of discount store. for me this skirt did not work but the color and softness of the fabric was a plus.
"Great shirt to wear with white pants and wedges. i'm a teacher and this is perfect for warmer months for school or for casual evening out. it runs big but falls in such a way that it doesn't make the wearer look big; it falls elegantly and in a flattering way.

great, versatile shirt."
I loved this skirt on but just the other reviewers, it runs small in the waist throwing off the dimension of the skirt. i ended up getting the 0 despite the fact that it was tighter in the waist because the 2 at this length (with my height) and amount of material became overwhelming on me. it would have looked better in a slightly shorter cut as another reviewer stated as well.
Gorgeous top, very nice. detail work, soft and flattering. i don't think its too full on the bottom at all - mine has a loose but pretty straight silhouette. word of warning: soft pink is not pink it is peach with some pink - and definitely not my color. if peach isn't flattering on you, heed this and other reviewers comments they are weighing correctly! i will have to either return for the white or dye the fabric myself to a more flattering shade, bummer that i thought the other reviewers might
Love the fabric of this shirt even though it was thinner than i expected. it is soft to the skin and flattering. however i returned it because it is made for women with long torso and shorter shoulders.
I have already worn this several times. it is very flattering, lightweight, and easy to wear. dressy but also very soft and comfortable.
Very pretty fabric and beautiful color, but i agree with the other reviewer here, the fit is a bit strange. the waist is very small - need to size up at least one size for that to fit - while the rest fits nicely. it's also a little longer than i had expected...sort of looks like it should be a couple inches shorter (and i'm 5'11"!).
"I was so excited about the arrival of my maza dress. much to my surprise the material was not has structured as i thought it would be from the photos. the fit was very tight and did not fall as nicely as i anticipated. because i loved the classic design i decided to give it another chance so i returned it for the next size up and fell in love, the open sleeve was a nice surprise with a touch if elegance. the front buttons added a bit of old charm and feminine
appeal. while the material was not v"
I'm 5'4", 130 lbs. 34 d. i bought the medium. i think i could have gotten the small but i didn't have time to re-order. it fit fine but could have been a little more snug around my top half. i love the length and the fabric.!
The skirt that i received had very little blue or green in it, and was mostly white, yellow and some red. the fit was fine but the quality for the price was not there for me. the lack of quality and the disappointment in the quality equals a return.
Ranna designs richly detailed dresses and this is no exception.  looks just like the pictures (colors/cut/drape) with the exception of a modesty hook at the deep v-neck.  sleeves are sheer with an elastic cuff.  this dress does not stretch--the bodice felt very fitted and tight, especially at the waist band.  runs tts or small; if you're busty/broad shouldered, size up.  it has a dreadful side zip, is fully lined and all synthetic fabric (boo!)  i purchased size 10p, my stats 36c/38-27-35/135#.
Bought a large, could barely pull up over my butt. runs extremely small. it's cute but if your not a stick figure, this is not the suit for you.
Adorable... too chilly now to wear alone & too cute to cover it up! my navy parka or jean jacket will prob be ok w/ it though. size 6 fits me perfectly & looks pretty much on me as in the pic. love plaid & cotton blend tops anyways. ruffles - adorable, & i'm not too big on that but do love this look. when i first removed this top from the packaging it had an odd 'smoky'-like odor, but it's the dye i think. after hanging it for a few days the smell disappeared. i have in mind to wear w/ the pilcr
This dress makes you feel like a bohemian goddess.  falls in the right area and absolutely adorable.  the dress is very fragile, handle with care.
This is my new favorite top! looks and fits as described.
Last minute i needed a family-friendly top for a chilly night, so i tried on a couple of flowy sweaters at retailer and this was the keeper. while i found other styles a bit too boxy or bulky for my short torso, this has a nice a-line shape that gave me a slim profile while still being forgiving, plus the detail up top is feminine and i liked not having fabric piled up around my neck. i am usually a small but wanted this to fit like the model so i sized up to a medium and voila, i am a model. just
Love all the colors in this skirt and that i can wear it with a tee and flat sandals or a black jacket and heels. easy piece to wear many ways. great quality too.
This tunic trumped any other i have seen this season. the style, with the delicate open stitchwork around the upper chest gave it quite a feminine appeal. i especially love the weight of the fabric being on the light side. won't have to worry about hot flashes like when wearing a thicker fabric! it's warm without being bulky. and to top it off, it was on sale and i was able to grab two colors. this tunic is also age appropriate and flattering for most anyone. extraordinary to say the least.
I needed a dress that was easy to throw on for summer days and this dress is perfect for that. it's flattering, light weight and unique. i've received a handful of compliments while wearing this dress. i am 5' 6" 150 lbs, hourglass figure and typically purchase a small or medium (8-10) and chose a small for this dress. i'd say it's still loose on me- which is what i prefer. the scoop neck and cut out allows you wear a normal bra. however, i've noticed i'm more comfortable wearing a camisole or s
The inseam is advertised as 28", but they are more like 38". i was hoping they were for short people, but they are for someone with very long legs, event in my tallest heels, i'd have to get them hemmed! just a warning to my short friends out there. the quality, fit, look was great, but way way way too long.
"I love paige brand pants-they are soft, comfortable, and forgiving. i love these, and want them badly. the are still tight all the way to the knee and then go out into a flattering flare-it is difficult to find the perfect fit on something like this-and paige has done a wonderful job for my body.

my store does not carry petite so i tried these on in regular length. they were significantly too long for me (5'3"") probably 3-4 inches to long. i am hoping for a sale so i can buy them in petite for"
This top is really pretty and nice quality. runs big - i went down a size, and its perfect. coloring is more subtle in person than in the photo.
So i love pilcro, i wear them all the time and usually size down because they "grow" after wearing them. i tried on my usual size in these and felt like they are too tight, not sure if they will get any looser. the material feels really good, lightweight and the stripes are subtle but cute. not sure if i'll keep them or maybe size up,
This is a cute top with jeans for spring and summer, or warmer climates - very fresh and airy. the fabric hangs nicely and although it is lightweight, it is not too thin or see through. ii does not get overly wrinkled either. the style is flattering for most body types and it can be dressed up or down. the v neck is just right: not too deep that you feel like you are showing too much cleavage, but deep enough to be feminine and slimming. i normally wear a size s in retailer tops and blouses
Petite pants hsould be able to fit short peple, but a 32 inch inseam on pants with buttons at the nottom, can't even gegt them hemmed, what a bummer. my inseam is 27 inchess, so i would need a 5 inch heel. otherwise, gorgeous, and waiat fits true to size. thighs a bit snug for musclea, but stretchy enough to fit. thinking about keeping them, but have to find big plaform heeks...
"I tried on the petite size in my usual xs, adn i actually have to go down to xxs, i looked overtaken by the shirt. i'm 5'2"" and 115lbs)

cut is flowy and not close to the body, sleeves are narrower, but still ok with athletic built.

color: light one is great for gals with darker complexion and hair, but for my pale self, the darker one was better... but can't go wrong, i ordered both colors and liked both of them.

ruffle is a great addition too..."
"I tried these on on a whim because i liked the shirt that they were displayed with in the store and was surprised how much i liked them! they are a great lighter weight alternative to the pilcro hyphen chino. great for hot days of summer.
the subtle vertical stripes go with everything and help elongate the leg. overall a really flattering cut. the waist is not too low and does not create muffin top."
The shirt is absolutely cute looking. but that's just that....looks. i'm 5'2" size 6 & wears m to l top. i tried on the medium in the store, it was rather flowing. i liked it. but i didn't like how it fit on the underarm area. it hung very low. so i ordered a petite m. still the same. plus the store the lighting was dark so i didn't realize how see through the shirt was too. had to return it.
These jeans! i tried these on, in addition to the high rise paige denim, and these won out hands down. classic flattering fit from mother, with an element of edginess with the frayed hem. these are long enough on me (i'm 5'5') to cuff at the ankle if i don't want a distressed look on a particular day. they are slightly stretchy like other mother denim but not so much that i would size down. i have muscular calves and thighs, but someone who does not could likely size down and be happy with the a
"I ordered this top in my usual size and am exchanging it for one size smaller.
it runs very generous, and so the sizing is a little off.
the style and quality are beautiful, so i am anxious to receive the smaller size."
"The blush stripes are subtle but they definitely give elongating effect to your legs.

very comfortable pair of crop pants but my calves are definitely feeling tight in there!"
"I got a small mauve. the fit is great and the length is perfect for me, just few inches above my knees.
cute and cozy! what more can i aske for!?"
I have a similar pair of capris from retailer and when i ordered these i thought they were the same in a different color. these are less flattering and i may not keep them.
Fun detail with the beading and lace! arms are a little longer while the body of the sweatshirt is a little shorter than expected, but that's the style of the piece. the fit was tts with those proportions mind.  the ladies at the store said that if i ordered the size up, it might be a little longer in the body, but that the arms and shoulders would have been the biggest change. the material isn't too thick, so it's a nice lighter layer for fall/spring. really love it!
I love the style of this top, and the longer length would be great with leggings and fitted shorts. it's somewhat fitted on the top yet it's a-line shape gives a full swing at the bottom. the ruffled v-neckline is pretty, and i like the longer length of the short sleeves. but with all these attributes, unfortunately they cut the armholes really big, so when you put your arms forward, the sleeves pull against your arms. i was trying to decide if i should keep it anyway, but for $98 dollars i thin
Ordered these online and they fit perfectly. i was looking for lightweight pants for hot and humid summer days and this pair is exactly what i needed. the striped pattern is cute and adds some color.
I loved this dress from the moment i tried it on. so flattering to my postpartum body without being a huge tent. soft fabric, and for a white/lightly striped dress, not sheer. i'm bummed because after washing only twice (followed the instructions to wash) on gentle cycle and low tumble dry, holes started appearing everywhere, both on the cream ribbed hem in the front bottom and all across the chest, in the white part of the fabric only (it looks like the black stripes are holding the holes toget
I went ahead and ordered a size up based on previous reviews, but i should have ordered my own size, as they're a bit loose around the waist. the pants are adorable and the pinstripes very flattering, so i definitely recommend them!
I really want to love this shirt, but the small is just way too big on me. for reference, i'm a 32d (which is why i didn't want to size down much more than a small), 5'6' and 125 and i'm drowning in this. i'm going to try it with different bottoms and ultimately will keep it because i do love the quality. just size down a couple of sizes!!
Love pilcro, love the stripes and the length - but this particular pair of capris/crops are super tight fitting. i went up a size from my usual and still felt tight. i guess its just the cut/fabric combo. i wanted it to be a slightly less form fitting feel ...... may work for you, however!
This is exactly what i was expecting. cute, comfortable and casual. there are some gold sequins in the scroll work that i didn't see online. they are super pretty in person.
I tried these on in the store, and they are super cute but run small. i typically wear a size 25 (i'm 5' 5" and 108 lbs.) and they were too tight for me. i like the fabric and the cut; i think they'd be great one size up. (my store didn't have them.)
Really nice, substantial, fully lined sweater coat. i love the structured look and the faux-leather piping around the zipper and the pockets. quality seems to be very good. it runs true to size, maybe slightly on the small side (especially for larger hips/busts) so if you are in between sizes, go up. i chose small and it's just right; i wouldn't be able to zip around my hips with xsmall. besides the price, which is why i dropped one star, i cannot really find any fault in this sweater coat.

Really pretty, but runs at least a full size small.
I love these pants. i have worn them a number of times already this season. i am 5' so i did have to have them hemmed. i lost the bottom button in the process but there are still 3 or 4 on the pants so i don't think they look odd. i also wear very high boots with these pants so that helps. a crisp white blouse and black leather jacket and i felt like a million bucks!
I love this tunic the natural color is just that, this is a tunic so the fit is a little large. i kept it and had it altered because i really do love this top
These cropped pants are very light weight and super cute. they seem to run just a bit small (i sized up one size from my usual) and don't seem to stretch so a size larger than you generally take may be necessary. the thin pin stripe design is very light in color so they are quite versatile.
I have this dress on today in white and i am coming back to buy the second color even though pink is not my favorite. great comfy, casual dress that pairs well with a variety of shoes and jewelry to dress it up. highly recommend for summer!
Size down! i love this item. it goes perfect with leggings but if you are typically a small you would need to order an extra small and so forth. hopefully once i wash this it will shrink some.
Cute, swing top that would be flattering on most. i love the print on the white color and it's so soft. doesn't wrinkle easy. but it does run big! i'm usually a s in retailer but i was drowning in it. so, size down!
I purchased this top in a regular small and surprisingly, it fits me very well (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). the hem falls about two inches longer than shown on the model. i like the v-neck the most because the ruffles are not too much, and it's not too low cut. i purchased the white color because i think the pattern is unique and it's brighter for spring/summer. i think skinny jeans and ankle boots or wedges would make the look very stylish. by the way, the fabric is super soft (but not w
This skirt is really beautiful but i agree with the other reviewers; it runs very small. i'm typically an 8 or 10. if i get a 10, there is usually a bit of room in the item. i decided to get a 10 in this skirt, just in case. i got it zipped but would have trouble breathing as the evening wore on. the pockets are wonderful and the fabric is weighty and really lovely.
Fits well through the shoulders and arms, but there is zero waist, and it just looks like a bunch of extra fabric hanging from the top. super cute, but have to return because of that.
From the picture i wasn't sure how it would fit. got in the mail and i love it. fits snug when you first put it on and get looser as you wear it. definitely should of gotten a large.
I was hesitant to purchase this coat because of the price, and when i received it i have to admit i was a little disappointed with the quality of the coat. the sleeves are made out of a soft felted material but i can see this pilling easily. other than that, the silhouette of the coat is perfect...not too boxy! it's also not too heavy so that you can wear it through fall and into the first months of winter. i love it!
This top is very cute. got it in the lighter color. the fit is great and it will go with many things. if size medium were not out of stock in the blue color i would have purchased that one also.
I really wanted to love this t and was excited to receive it in the mail. i thought i was being realistic in assuming that is would be somewhat sheer given that there doesn't seem to be a woman's white t on the planet that isn't these days, however it was really sheer. the fit was also short and boxy (this coming from a 5'3 woman who is short-waisted) on the plus size the material is extremely soft and the design is cute. maybe if you are younger and don't mind the sheerness it's worth the gambl
This is a perfect jacket over any shirt, tee, or dress. jacket is well made and goes with anything!
I ordered this dress in both colors. the peach color is so beautiful in person. i'm planning to wear this dress for our rehearsal dinner at the end of the summer, if i can hold off until then! definitely worth the price.

This dress is incredible. i saw a sales girl wearing it in my local retailer and loved it! i bought it in the navy color, it's gorgeous in person, very bright, vibrant colors. i am 5'9 34 c bra 27 inch waist and the s was quite big on my waist. i kept it anyway because the xs has been sold out, and got it taken in a bit. i wore it while vacationing in mexico and it definitely turned heads, if you're thinking about buying this dress, do it, you won't regret it!
Love the look and quality of this jacket. i&amp;#39;d say it fits true to size but it is way too short for me (i&amp;#39;m just under 6&amp;#39; tall). wish these came in tall sizes!
I really love the front of this shirt. however, the back of the shirt is more of a jersey material so it doesn't seem to match the front of the shirt. i still wear it and it looks cute, but it threw me off a bit at first.
Absolutely love this dress! fits true to size and makes anyone look fabulous
I liked the color of this top but i didn't really like the ruffled stitching around the middle. it looks like someone just tacked on the bottom half. i bought this for my daughter and she likes it. i think it is comfortable and a good top to knock around in.
Per other reviewers, i sized up from a small to a medium and the jacket fits me just right with room for layers. it is short (cropped), but i like where it hits me and is versatile for jeans and dresses.
"I have alst year's version,a dn they are essentially the smae, minus some leather parts removed... this jacket is great, the back si a little shorter, so it goes so well with peplum tops an ddresses with higher waists (without looking bigger from the back when the hem is longer and hits where the skirt aprts bulge out). i love hte darker color, i wish it came is super dark rinse...

i usually buy petites, but i never tired on the eptite in this jacket... i am holding myself back to order this on"
"Bought both colors in xs and soooooo glad i did. this dress is absolutely gorgeous in either color... will have (do to the nice quality) and wear (very stylish) for a loooooong time.

a must have for the summer!!!!!!"
Comfy sweatshirt with fun polka dot details. soft and not baggy. a little on the shorter side so i think i will layer a lace cami underneath and it will look even prettier. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds with an athletic, hourglass shape, 32dd. i bought the "2" which equates to a medium since i wanted it a little looser being a sweatshirt (i'm normally an retailer small but i don't think that would have worked in this case as it would have been too fitted). great comfy weekend piece!
I could wear this every day, it is stylish and comfortable
Pretty top. love the color and the large ruffle. makes it great for layering or with a pretty necklace.
"Love this top!
it is a full/ swing top, but the slightly shorter length balances out the fullness perfectly.
i have been wearing it with a contrasting fitted cami and get tons of compliments.
love both colors, and having fun wearing them.
and after one washing the fullness is softer and looks like the pic.
runs true to size and in the arms slightly tight, so i went with my usual med and fits perfect.
if you have issues with sleeve size would recommend going up a size, otherwise very true to size"
The styling of this top is really cute. it fits perfectly on the shoulders and gets bigger at the hem for the baby doll look. my biggest complaint is the quality! it's really cheap and feels like the quality i would expect to see at a cheap retailer. it catches lint like crazy and because the hem is just a pearl edge, it curls really badly. i buy quite a bit from here and this is the worst quality item i have seen in a long time. not worth the $$ if paying full price.
Love, love, love this dress. it is very slimming. it hugs you without really touching you. leaving the tie and a few buttons open gives it more of a casual feel.
I'm 5'3 130# with a 32dd bust. i usually wear small in retailer/ cloth and stone/ running horses. the small fit me fine, but with no room for layers underneath. the small was very snug. would be perfect for california evenings. but, i live in the north east! the medium still has a great shape on me, still fitted at the waist (27inches), but enough room to wear a light sweater or flannel under. the medium still also looks great over my maxi dress.
This dress is gorgeous!!! i love it! i bought it to wear to a july wedding. i got the navy and it is so fresh and crisp in color. the sizing is on spot! i slipped it on and it was comfortable, easy and stylish. i am 5'7" and typically xs. it falls exactly as portrayed in the online photos. it is lined in the skirt and the top is stretch jersey in the best weight! i am in love!
This shirt is one of my favorite retailer purchases ever! it is well made and is perfect for work or the weekend. the first time i wore it, i received so many compliments!
I want to live in this sweatshirt. it's so comfy, but also well-cut and lays nicely, not boxy at all. i'm typically a 10-12 or l in tops and the 3 is roomy without looking sloppy.
"I liked this top even though it was a definite 'swing' style. i ended up altering it to remove some of the fullness.
looks great with jeans as well as black pants for a dressier look. very soft and comfortable fabric. wish it was just a little bit longer."
After missing out on last year's similar dress, i am so glad i finally purchased this one! it is beautiful in person. i bought to wear to a wedding, but i am curious if others think it might be too white? i bought the peach color. i will keep this dress no matter what. hope they come out with more next season!
Like the other reviewer said this top is extremely wide and boxy. it must be pinned in the picture online. it's very frustrating when they do that. thank goodness i didn't pay for shipping! for reference, i'm 5'2 and 135 pounds and bought the xxs, it's going back for sure. i'm trying to lose baby weight, not trying to look pregnant!
I read the reviews and because this jacket is pilcro i took a chance. i was thrilled when i rceived this jacket. darker color of denim with weathered edges. i absolutely love it. don't let it get away. great jean jackets are hard to come by.
I wanted to love this sweatshirt, but alas, it is going back. upon opening and unfolding, the first thing i noticed: the dots and not solid. they are sort of distressed looking, with parts of them missing. secondly, it doesn't have a lot of structure. it's soft and kind of floppy but in a weird way. it's just not flattering on me. it looks more like a pajama top than something i would wear out of the house. for reference, i ordered the 3, and i'm usually a 10/12 in tops.
Love this denim jacket (also have it in white) the reason i didn't give it 5 stars all around is the distressing is just a bit too much (none on the back which is kind of strange). i'd love it even more if it wasn't distressed at all, then it could be dressed up much more for work. but overall it's my favorite, great fit and a bit of stretch so very comfy. please make this in some other denim colors!
The cut is brilliant-the wash is subtle-the weight of the denim is sturdy but not stuff-and the stretch is just right. love it. the perfect staple. a scarf in the fall and rolled sleeves in the spring.
Love it; the bit of stretch in the denim makes it less stiff than traditional denim.
I love these. i'm between a 29 and 30 and as the 30s were sold out i had to go with the 29s. they fit well. as expected. very nice fabric. good design. have to wear a short shirt or one tucked in. fabric has a bit of stretch which is also nice.
I've been looking at this jacket on line and finally went to the store to try it on. i really liked the styling but the denim was quite stiff. i'd prefer a softer kind of fabric. i wonder if it would soften if it was washed. also, it ran surprisingly small. i usually take an xsmall or small but the small didn't leave me enough room to comfortably bend my arms. the medium worked better. i wonder how others feel about the fabric and and the sizing. i think i'll wait and see if this one goes on sal
I lost my favorite denim jacket on a trip a few years ago and haven't found one i really liked again...until now. great quality - just heavy enough but not too heavy, just stretchy enough but not too stretchy, great color/design. no complaints. i read the other reviews and was happy to have ordered one size larger than my normal. i typically take a small but the medium in this is perfect. it is possible i actually like this jacket better than the one i lost several years ago, which is a big endo
Beautiful colors and silhouette (i got the navy). the skirt is lined and flows wonderfully when you walk. i've gotten a ton of compliments on it. i'm 5'9" and the high hem falls a few inches below my knee, and the low hem falls to my ankles.
I love these culottes and i think they will be everywhere this coming spring / summer. the high waist is perfect and looks great with shorter shirts or tucked-in. the denim is high quality and a nice medium dark color.
I'm glad i listened to the other reviewers...i ordered a large instead of my usual medium. it's roomy enough for a sweater underneath. i love the denim! it's very soft and has some stretch. my other denim jackets are stiff even after years of washing. i also love the darker denim.

I'm 5'4" 125 lbs ordered small. fits perfect. super soft denim. love the color love the worn in feel
This dress is stunning- vibrant colors and flirty feel to it. i got the small and i am a 34b/27 pants, 132 lbs- great fit. i only question two things- am i tall enough to pull off the extra fabric in the back and what the heck do you where for a bra? those two considerations are why i didn't give it 5 stars.
I have been searching for the perfect denim jacket and this it! i love the darker color, more modern day less 80s. it runs a little small. i am always either a s or xs at retailer. lately, their clothes seem to be running a little bigger, so i have been an xs in most tops. when i order online, i never know which size to get. i ordered an xs, however it was very tight in the arms and across the shoulders. i wanted to be able to roll the sleeves up, so i returned it for a s and it fits great. i was
I have received so many compliments. it's my favorite
"I wore this dress for the first time yesterday... i have never received so many compliments on a dress before! several people even stopped me in the streets of nyc to tell me how beautiful this dress was!
it is an absolute must-have!"
I love the pattern on this jacket and enjoy the bell shape. a fun jacket to through on and add quick style to a skinny pants.
I love this little jean jacket! i am petite and usually get a xxsp , but went for a size up. i'm glad i did. it fits a little snug. the color is true to the photo and the material is a medium to heavy denim. the arm length in the petite size is perfect for me. i love this - over maxi dresses, tanks, etc... adorable jacket - great buy!!
This dress first caught my eye online. due to the price i resisted. then i saw in store and tried on...i decided to hold off for a sale, but my will was getting thin. once i saw it start to sell out online, i had to take the plunge. i knew this dress was a must have. it is super flattering and comfy! the best of both worlds. i'm small-chested so both the s and m fit, but the seam on the s fit a bit higher, which was more flattering on me, so s is what i got. it can be dressed up or slightly down
I love this blouse! i just bought it recently and have yet to wear it out other than trying it on. this blouse looked very nice on me which can be challenging. i don't live near an retailer so i have to order online exclusively. i have larger hips (135lbs, 5'6) and finding flattering tops can be tough. sometimes they look amazing online and then once i try them on, they just don't look right. some shirts have a tendency to accentuate my hips too much making me look shorter. this top looked great a
First i ordered a m. i'm normally a 8-10. the m was too small so i returned and ordered a lg. the lg fits great but there is a huge area of distressing on the shoulder that will turn into a hole. i love this jacket but cannot keep it in its condition. hopefully i will make it to the store soon (there are none w/in an hour of me) and look before i buy.
I purchased the navy color of this dress. not only did it look good, but felt good as well. since it is for a wedding, i also purchased a white crochet cropped "sweater" to wear over as well, making the perfect dress for the mother of the groom. could not have been happier.
This top looks pretty much like it does not the model. the sleeves are a nice length and are not too tight. the fabric is light weight, but not see-through. it does not wrinkle a lot. i've gotten several compliments on it and it goes with lots of different bottoms and will work under jackets too. the v-neck is pretty deep, but doesn't show so much cleavage that you couldn't wear it to work.
Looks beautiful online but has too much material and the zipper catches on the lace. also runs very large, i am normally a small but would need and xs in this dress
True to size on the neckline and arms but extremely large and puffy in the torso. very unflattering cut!
I purchased the floral patterned version and get complimented every time i wear it. i found it to be pretty true to size, even after washing. it's a little sheer, so you'd definitely want to wear a camisole underneath for work. it's a great top for spring/summer!
I thought this top was adorable in the store and online. it just didn't work for me. although it fit, it flares out too much in the front and just wasn't flattering on me. i am 5' 5" and 128 lbs. and ordered the small.
Love this top! made with 100% cotton, a vintage look, and flattering details this top is a winner for me. i think it fits true to size (got my regular size 0) and i did not need the petite and i am fairly short (5'3"). it is somewhat see through, but with wearing a nude bra and not wearing it to work, i think it can be worn without a cami. the perfect lightweight, comfortable, standout piece for the summer time :)
I really like this blouse a lot. very very easy to wear!! i wore with pencil skirt to work and with skort as shown similar on model with sandals on weekend. very flattering and great blue color!!! very happy with this purchase. highly recommend. i am 5'6" short torso and my usual 6 worked.
I just purchased this beautiful printed blouse in the pink color and love it! i almost always wear a size small at retailer (34d-27-35) and the fit and length are both perfect on me. if you are smaller chested you can easily go down a size. i absolutely had to have this whe i first saw it at the store and noticed how popular it was as i had to order it due to it selling out like hot cakes there. what i like about it is the texture and the ruffles at the front plus the length of the sleeves stop ri
Bought this on a whim and it exceeded my expectations. i didn't know what to expect with the quality of the fabric but this is incredibly soft and warm. haven't worn it outside yet but i can see this already as one of my favorite items. i'm usually an extra-small but the xxs also fits. it's a great buy especially since it's on sale now.
This is an awesome vest - so soft, cozy, and i cannot wait to wear it through fall and winter. for sake of not repeating all the positive aspects that the previous reviewers did, i'll mention the one flaw...no pockets :( still totally worth full price in my mind though.
I find that maeve shirts tend to run a little small. i'm usually an 8 but needed this in a 10. this shirt is reallly just perfect. great sleeve length. just the right amount of v neck. beautiful pattern with a vintage feel. i love the combo of stripes, polka dots and sweet flowers.
This blouse is so pretty. i love the long tie. the pattern is very unique. it is a thin, light weight fabric so you can easily wear it underneath a leather jacket.
This is a beautiful blouse...sheer and feminine. i am small busted and slender so i need a size smaller than usual. it is a full top...can't tell exactly how full in the photos but with a small chest there is just too much under the arms. so if your chest is more ample you could prob order your regular size. this is supposed to be a full, shorter fit...i would say the style is going to look better on someone who is a little taller with a medium sized bust rather than someone who is shorter and b

The photo of these is truly misleading - they are a beautiful vibrant print - see the close-up photo. they are much longer on a regular person - they come a few inches above my ankle and i am 5'5"there is a neat slit off to the side on the front of each (like a pleat) that really allows a nice flow. these look great with boots, flats and do sit lower on the waste as i think they run slightly large. not lined, but drape beautifully. there are pockets (sewn closed upon purchase) and pack pockets.
Like another reviewer mentioned, this shirt is way too short. i'm only 5'2" (xs) and there is no way this top would tuck in like on the model. also, the quality isn't great as it's very thin and there are strings hanging from some of the seams in the front. it's a shame b/c the print is really pretty and there is this cute little bicycle charm on the tag which makes it feel more unique. sadly, it's going back!
I didn't think anything of this top online (i really don't care for how they styled it) but in store it was more interesting. i'm currently anywhere between a 2-4-6 / xs-s-m, depending on the style, 5'3" 120lb 34b. size 2 regular in this top fit me perfectly. for some reason, on me, the sleeves were elongating and flattering (closer to my elbow) and the overall length hit me perfectly at the hip like on the model, the fabric is lightweight and therefore slightly sheer but, due to the color and p
Nice fabric and cute design. a little low cut.
I absolutely love this sweater!! it's soft, easy to wash, and looks great!
The blue motif is a gorgeous indigo with an interesting pattern. a short tunic that drapes nicely and is flattering. very happy with this purchase. i plan to buy a 2nd for my mom to keep her cool and stylish.
I had high hopes for this top. really boxy, short
This dress has potential, but it didn't work for me. it runs true to size to a little big, i ordered medium, my usual size for maeve). as for length it fit me as the model (5'9"). the reason i'm not keeping it is that i wish it had some darts in the back to help define the waist a bit,
I love this tee! the material is thick but not too thick. it's highly flattering- i love that the sleeves are a longer short sleeve to cover up the bingo wings. the shimmer on the front adds something special.
"I got this top in the black and i love it. the bottom is a silky material that's really beautiful, and the cutout details are really pretty. so many of retailer's sweaters are enormous, but this one fits tts. 

my one complaint is that the bottom white part wrinkles really easily."
This top was way too short (i'm only 5'1) and way too wide. the cut of this top was so wide, it looked like a tent on me. i really wanted to love this top because the material and style (sleeves, ruffle) are beautiful, unfortunately there is something wrong with the cut. i've have several blouses made by one fine day, which fit nicely, for some reason this top did not. i ordered in my usual s size, even going to an xs would not work because the cut is wrong.
My daughter and i both purchased this vest at an retailer store. this vest is so flattering on and is so much cuter in person than in the online picture. it is chic and stylish and will definitely be a staple for fall and winter.
This is a great piece to help ease on in to the chillier days of fall and winter. it's versatile- i can see myself wearing it with plain short or long sleeved tees or even tops with more elaborate padderns or button downs! there's so many options i cannot wait to put this gorgeous piece to use! just as an fyi, the sleeve openings are slightly unfinished and have a frayed effect to them. this may not even be noticeable if you're not looking right up close. for me, this adds to the unique quality
I just got this dress in the mail today and it is even better in person! the description didn't give as much information as i wanted so i'm going to be very detailed in this review. i did take off one star for quality because some of the beads are already loose (two fell off when i picked the dress up for the first time), and i'll have to hand sew others on more tightly. my usual size is a pxs or p0, and there were no petite sizes available. however the size 0 fits perfectly, no alterations need
When i received this blouse, ai noticed that there were gold dots all over the blouse and they were very sticky. some of the fabric would stick to these dots. i thought it was because the weather was sticky and humid. however, after hanging on my closet door, the dots are still sticky. i do love the design and fabric so i will try not to let the sticky dots bother me.
Wasn't sure about this top based on reviews, but glad i purchased! pretty print, looks great with denim. very loose, flowy top. hangs a little short, but that's the style of this blouse. fit true to size. i usually wear a 2/4 and xs/sm with 30dd. size small worked for me.
Ordered the shirt online. beautiful print and good quality material. runs very large - size down 1 may be 2 sizes as the material on the body is very wide. i will be exchanging it in the store.
This too is so beautiful in person. there is gold dots all over the blouse that are not overwhelming. i love this top with business attire and denim. fits tts.

I tried this in the store and i like it - nice and soft, good basic design that will pair with many pieces. but i decided to wait because of the price. i'm sure i would get a lot of use out of this top, but ultimately it didn't thrill me enough to make it my top priority purchase. i bought a sweater that was on sale instead. still, a very nice top. i may buy it eventually, especially if it goes on sale.
Gorgeous in every way except its length and how it hangs at the bottom. i prefer a shirt i can wear tucked in or out. this one will work well tucked in but not out so i am returning disappointed it was so well done in other particulars.

I bought this in a petite size s after trying on the regular size in the store. it was a good move because the proportions in length and width are more flattering. the pattern is busy but works well with patterns in the same color group. it has no finished seams on any edge but that makes it drape nicely. it is a soft, soft fabric, almost fleece-like but not plush.
I love how soft the sweater materials is and that the built in layer piece falls so nicely. i purchased a small in black and have already worn it with jeans and heels for a dinner and with cropped work pants for the office. the bottom piece does wrinkle a lot but you can easily smooth it out. really quality materials and on sale this is quite a steal!
I am 5.6", 138 pounds. i purchased this in a size small. it is flowy and not too short. it has a comfortable, but still feminine and beautiful fit. one of my favorite new blouses...the red print is gorgeous
This top light and airy, which is perfect for spring. i'm usually into these types of blouses; however, this didn't quite fit right on me. it's a little too boxy and too low cut in the front for some reason. i loved the design and really wanted to like it... i just didn't love it enough to purchase it.
"This blouse is so beautiful - the collar, sleeves, material...everything except the cut! it was like a tent. it needed to be more tapered, which would be easy to do while still maintaining the beautiful breezy flow, and be about two inches longer.

i had been drooling over this top for awhile and was so disappointed! please fix it and then i will buy again. i am 5'4"", 140lbs and busty...a small was perfect, with the exception of the massive amount of material."
Very pretty blouse. i love the print, and color of the pink floral. tts, i ordered the xs, because of the roomy cut of the blouse. i'm 5'8", 117 lbs. it fit great. the cut is a little wider then pictured, but still cute. not to short as mentioned by another review, and i have a longer torso, i wasn't crazy about the victorian collar, so tucked it under, and it looks great!
I normally wear a large or extra-large; the medium is still very billowy on me. this blouse is ethereal and lovely, though - pretty and funky at the same time. it's sheer but somehow not revealing. perfect for when you want to look composed and cool on the hottest day of the summer.
Not a coat by any means, merely a thin wool boucle like sweater with a cheap thin synthetic lining ---and i also would never want the lining to be seen by anyone if i were to set the sweater on a chair or be helped in putting the thing on. the length and bulk is hard to layer under anything else and isn't pretty enough for a spring coat..sizing is also 2 sizes larger than anticipated.
I saw this in-store, tried it on, and was sold. it is not just super soft but very flattering on. i am petite, 105 lbs and bought the xs in black- the sleeves are short enough that no petite size was needed. i will wear this a lot with both skirts and jeans.
Love this. it's heavy/warm, stylish and a great throw on any outfit. oversized style.
"The fabric was nothing special (i usually like a cotton/silk blend woven fabric, but this was stiff feeling) and the pattern was cute. but what made me return it was the fact that 1) the rose gold glitter dots are puffy paint. literally. puffy. paint. and 2) the dots were not quite dry on my top when it arrived. parts of the paint came off on my fingers and the top was stuck to itself because of it. i could barely unfold it.

i'm sure this could have been cute, but who wants a top that looks lik"
Tts. i'm wearing a small. the black goes with so many of my charlie print pants. washed nicely. layers flat to dry. had to iron the shell underneath. great for casual office.
This top is good quality and cute. it runs large- i'm usually a medium and needed a small. the reason i will be returning it is because it flares out at the bottom on the black which is very unflattering on. it makes me look wide in the waist or like i'm wearing a maternity top. unfortunate because i really liked everything else about it.
I'm a pretty solid 10/12 in this brand. i went with the 12 since some thought the top to run small...and i agree. while i can wear it and think it will actually stretch out with wear, it's tight in the shoulders and chest. for the record, those are 2 areas i never have problems with. i'm a 36b and it was flattening my chest. it was also quite short on me. i have a short torso and it was barely hitting below my belly button. the shirt felt more like a size 8 than 12.
I gave this four stars only because the lining has some polyester (poly/rayon blend) in it and i don't like polyester; still, i couldn't pass it up due to the chic look and the oh so warm feel of the coat. it's like wrapping yourself in a warm blanket and the wine color looks amazing! it's a little on the pricey side. since i consider it more of a sweater than a coat, i would have liked the price better if it was $100 less. it was one of those items that was hard to take off once i put it on. i
I like this sleeveless sweater - it adds warmth and visual interest without adding a lot of bulk. paired with black/white patterns it's pretty versatile (as seen in the pics) - a great staple for a more casual office environment. being a taller girl i love the length on it, and find it's flattering for my curvy figure.
"This blouse is super cute but oddly sized. i bought a size up and still i squeezed into the top around the bust. the front slit is too low and shows a bit too much cleavage, so this had to go back. i really tried because the fabric is wonderful and the shirt is light and breezy for summer, i just couldn't make it work
."
"I love the sweatshirt 
 clay color is very different it's a nice light fabric with nice detailed edges 
 although it is an oversized piece it hangs and fits well although i am petite
 great light sweatshirt for spring and summer"
"Love the patterns and the length.  i basically would agree with all the reviewers including the person who noted no pockets. 
it's really a special piece and on sale, very worth it!"
Very comfy and light. can be casual with jeans and boots or dress it up with a nice necklace and pencil skirt.
I got the navy stripe version of this shirt and it has a very cute nautical vibe to it. i am either an xs or s in antho, and went with the xs for this shirt as i think the s would be too boxy. normally i would have overlooked this shirt as it's rather unimpressive on the hanger, but it was on sale so i tried it on. very cute when tried on! it fits well across the shoulders but isn't too clingy in the body, which i like. the fabric is very comfortable and the shoulder detail gives it a little mor
Not sure why this shirt is getting bad reviews. i am tall and have a long torso, so perhaps that is the issue for some who find it not so flattering? maybe if your taller it hangs better? i have to say... i love everything about it. it is a fantastic print, it is very flowy but i don't think it's too much in that regard. i think it is fitting with the romantic, girly style of the garment. in my opinion not too short, just right. i took a medium, i am 5'8" and athletic.
I love maeve and was so excited for this top which looked like an update from a last season favorite. unfortunately the fabric was stiff, it was tight in the chest and went straight down from there. returned.
All the rave reviews are true!  this vest is plush and funky and i love wearing it. i'm having fun figuring out different outfits to wear with this. this is a great three season layering piece and i'm thrilled i was able to get it on sale.  my only regret was the lack of a petite selection.
I love this top. i got it on sale and am so glad that i did. it is a short too but still super flattering. it isn't too boxy on me.
I tried this on the other day at the local store in a size xs/s. although it's wool i didn't notice that is was itchy & usually wool bothers me. i am of small build but i did like the long & oversized look. i admit i am drawn to the print anyways. i noticed the right armhole was larger than the left so i tried on another xs/s - it was the same. probably the armholes will be smaller in the petite sizes. i decided to make other purchases but will order the petite xs/s in a few wks since the invent
This has great drape, length, the pattern is super versatile with solids or prints. i am finding the wool to be itchy around the neck, so not sure if i will keep, though i don't seem to want to take it off! has a lightweight, boiled wool texture, contrasting print and design so cool!
I was skeptical about this duster and had to see it in person, and it was love at first sight. the black and white makes it versatile, and the pattern makes it interesting and fashion forward. more importantly, the pattern is cleverly designed which doesn't compete with your wardrobe should you wear a bright color or a similar pattern (as shown on model). i purchased the regular xs/s and it fit me fine (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, and 36 hips) and the hem falls about two inches below my knees. the
Surprisingly flattering on, especially with pants/jeans. extremely figure flattering because it enhances the figure and hides flaws: the pleating enhances the bust, the v-cut provides a touch of a peekaboo (not enough to show cleavage but it's there in a super flattering way), the hem flares out a bit to hide the tummy and enhance the bust even more; the short sleeves are versatile so it can be worn in the office, under a jacket, or just plain for going out. the material is not too thick but not
The top runs small, it is a very sexy and slimming top. i tried in l, it was too small so i have ordered it in xl. i hope it fits because it is very fitted and i am worried that the bottom will roll to the top with a fabric like this. but it is a very sexy, good looking, and slimming top. i love it!!
I was looking for a basic tee, but this one was just ok...the quality is okay, but it us not as soft as i would have liked. unfortunately,  i will be returning this item.
An excellent going out to dinner, to a lounge, etc. piece. super flattering, sexy, feminine and trendy! can be dressed up or down with some nice accessories. i'm only 5 feet and very wary of jumpsuits, but this was excellent!
I would've looked right over this online but i saw it in store and had to try on. the navy and the white were both cute but i tried the navy. i'm usually a m but went with the s b/c it looked better fitted. this shirt has a very vintage feel to it and is slinky and comfy. i can't wait to wear. would look great with white jeans!
This elegant white lace dress attracted compliments everywhere i wore it. it is classic with just the right amount of quirkiness . i like everything about it!
I've been looking for the perfect work-appropriate lace dress (for a casual/creative work environment) for a while, and this was just the ticket! the pointed collar and demure shape add some structure to the feminine lace. i rolled the sleeves to a short-sleeve length just to tone done the cutesy factor a tiny bit more (although the sleeves, worn long, are absolutely gorgeous!). the lace isn't exactly the highest quality lace that retailer has ever used, but pretty nonetheless. i'm 5'5 /125 and th
Disappointed in the quality of the dress. love the style and especially the colors. the fabric of the body of the dress is very very thin and just poorly made. the top bodice is more substantial. not worth the price tag of $148.00. dress does run short.
Comfy cozy and a bit on the big size, even for an oversized piece. order a size down, even if you want a boxier look. unsure how the fabric will hold up-but if it does it will be a great get.
This dress is not what i expected. the bottom half is wool-like material-looks like someone has worn it. the top snags easily so you must be careful when wearing jewelry. when i received the dress i noticed there were two small holes under the arms. i wouldn't of paid full price but for the amount, i sewed up the holes and packed it away for winter.
I ordered the sweater in a medium but it was too large - so reordered it in the small and it fits perfectly. love the length- it hits mid hip. it is more of an a-line than straight as show in the picture. the detail is fun and the sweater is well made. highly recommend it- i have received lots of compliments on this sweater.
I love this top, it's design is very pretty and like nothing that i have. i think this top runs true to size, i'm usually an xs/s in tops and i went with the s for this one and it fits great. i will say that the top layer of material will snag very easily, so while wearing it you have to be very careful!!
This skirt is very short. i ordered my usual xs petite and it was so short that the longest part ended above my ankle. that's quite off because i'm only 5 feet tall, and i wore it pretty low on the hips. it also flares out awkwardly below the knee. there are 2 vertical seems and they exacerbate the jagged appearance of the hem. i was drawn to the edgy style shown in the photo but in person it looks like my 5 year old cut up a skirt. plus, the fabric--while thick and beautiful and stretchy--has a
This sweater is of nice quality and has such great detail to it - love the pattern to the knit and the ribbon detail is unique and beautiful. the knit itself is of mid to thicker weight, so definitely appropriate for winter, fall, and cooler spring days. i bought my normal size small and felt like it had more of a slub fit than pictured in the model shot - it was wider down the torso and a little shorter (not tunic length like picture). i'm 5'7" with a longer torso and this hit maybe mid-bum and
I really like the appearance of this item, and it looks pleasing with many different styles of leggings. it does run a little large. i am a "true to size" small, and this hangs on me a little, but i love the design of the back. it is so soft and comfortable!
I don't normally review my purchases, but i was so amazed at how poorly this dress was made, i couldn't help myself but to post a review. the neck line isn't even hemmed down so it flaps up. the material is thin and feel cheap. this dress isnt even worth $20 in my opinion. i was expecting a well made, good quality dress for the high price tag.
Ordered this dress online, and i love it! i was looking for an understated but fun new years dress and this was exactly what i was looking for. the only minor qualm i had about the dress was that the velvet dots that hit where the seams met made the dress look puffier than it should some parts around the waist, but for the most part, the dress fit very well and was very flattering, may just need a little bit of ironing. i am 5'9 and usually am more conscious of how things fit around my hips, and
I saw this online but it never struck me as something i would wear. however, after seeing it in the store it really caught my eye with its detailing, so i tried it on. what a great decision because it is so much more beautiful in person, and very soft and warm. it's a perfect winter sweater to start the new year. i am 5'-7", 138 lbs. and the medium fit perfectly, though it's a little shorter on me than shown in the photos.
If your hips are bigger than a size 6 us you can't fully close this robe. the model must be wearing the larger of the two sizes to have such a nice oversized fit. the fabric is soft and lux and amazing, but the weird dart in the back and the closure is right over my sadly size 8 hips and butt. if i was taller and thinner i would have kept this and worn it every day.
"Like the reviewers before me, this dress runs small in the rib cage. i normally take a 12 and am a 32b. the max size that this dress comes in is a 12 so i could only order a 12. it just fit but that is because i am a smaller 12 on the top. there is no wiggle room in the dress. 

that being said, it is a really cute style and shape - rather like a 50's style dress if you will with a sexy back. i am curvy on the bottom and this dress hides the flaws there for sure. however, because it is a fulle"
I should have exchanged it for a smaller size, but i wanted to wear it, so my mistake. i tend to wear size 12-14, and the large is entirely too big. it also had piling right out of the bag. but it is just so soft that i tore the tag off and wore it anyway. if you get this, size down for sure.
"I'm surprised other reviewers loved this one so much. it's completely different then how it looks on the model. it's much shorter, which others do mention, but it flares a lot. enough to feel maternity-ish on me. it looks fitted on the model. maybe it's my shape, i have a short torso and carry weight in my hips. i ordered an xs too. i will say the material
is very nice and it's well made, but it's going back."
This sweater is fine for the casual days. i bought this in cream and i have to say after one wash it looks old. i'm a huge retailer lover and buy a lot of clothes from them. this is just not the best quality and looks tired after a few wears. very soft, but poor material. not my favorite purchase.
Great fit! no bagging and sagging and they fit true to size. very cute! for reference, i&#39;m 5&#39;2, 115 lbs and take a 26p. they look just like they do on the model. i highly recommend!
Just tried 'layered sadie top' and it felt so nice on. good hand feel for both materials but note that the knit on top is a little too delicate for machine wash but can be hand washed. this item is definitely "vanity-sized". i'm 5'1, 113lbs and the xs looked nothing like how it does on the model. it was flowy as depicted but it came down much lower on me and looked a little maternity-esque. highly recommend because it's gorgeous and well made but i would definitely come in and try it out for you
The length is perfect. the cut of the hemline makes it off the charts cute. i love it w ghillie type flats or booties. pair w a big warm sweater, or a sleek turtleneck, and watch heads turn as you enter the room! i promise! love this skirt.

"This dress is beautifully constructed. it is very fitted and does run on the small side. it will be a perfect derby dress. the lace is lovely and the pearl buttons are great touch. age appropriate for anyone..a very 
pretty dress. simple, classic and gorgeous!"
I really wanted this dress to work out, but i was slightly disappointed in the fabric for the sleeves. the fit was accurate. i'm 5'7 and ordered a 6, however, my husband said it looked too little girl like. i did end up returning it :(
I got this top to wear with shorts as the color goes with a lot of different prints. the quality is excellent. this top runs very large, as in three (3) sizes too large. for the record i am a 34.25.35 and ordered my regular size the xs and this top makes me like i'm pregnant with twins. also, the layering looks nothing like it does on the model, it looks sloppy, unkept and a general. i think this would still be great for ladies who are bigger in the chest and waist, otherwise it just doesn't wor
The color is a very soft peach, and the knit top over the gauze is a very light, summer-weight knit. i can see this being worn casual, or dressed up with a statement necklace and nice skirt / pants.
I bought the dress that has the cream skirt with large flowers. i wore it for a wedding and was not only very comfortable with the pockets and the cotton top, i looked good. i got a lot of compliments on the outfit. people thought it was a shirt and blouse rather than a dress. i loved the high low skirt. the sizing was accurate and the dress is easy to clean.
I got this dress in hopes of having a really nice winter formal dress. it was not well made at all! the lining didn't line up with the top layer and the waist puffed out in uneven places. i am curvy so a puffy waistline in the last thing i need! the fabric itself is very nice, but just not well made. i do not recommend this dress.
Soft, comfortable, stylish. i eagerly awaited the arrival of this beautiful sweater and was not disappointed. the sizing was accurate for a perfect fit and i love the feminine detailing and shape of the necklne. the ribbons add an extra touch of style to a sweater that is both casual and elegant at the same time. very versatile.
This is my first pair of mcguire jeans, and i like the fabric and fit.  thank goodness for petite sizing!  these 32p fit just right on my hips, with no gap between the waistband and my body.  fits through thigh and hips and pretty slim all the way down.  nice stretch.  of course, the proof will be after wearing a few times and washing.  i will update my review if i do not like them so much after that,
Adorable sweater with a loose knit that helps slim down my man-back appearance. cut is tapered to the body but with a soft flare at the bottom hem. not clingy, very soft fabric doesn't accentuate bulges so i am happy about it's forgiving silhouette.
I walked into retailer with low hopes of finding a dress for a friend's spring wedding, as a lot of this season's dresses are more casual, but was drawn to this pretty number for multiple reasons: it can certainly be dressed up or down depending upon accessories, the fabric feels incredible, it has pockets, and it's really fun yet classy as heck. typically i wear a 10/m in dresses, but they only had a 12 in store, so i took it and made it work by tightening the sash a bit extra and wearing a bra w
I was able to snatch this dress up just before it sold out (and i see it's now back in stock!). the quality of the fabrics is outstanding, not flimsy at all. the top is stretchy. normally i would wear a 2 at retailer, but the only choice i had was 0 and it fit. i am 5'5" tall, 125 lbs. everything about this dress makes me smile and i can't wait to wear it to my holiday party! don't hesitate if you are on the fence.
I saw this dress online and immediately went to the store to try on! it took three sales asscoaites to help me zip the dress but once it was on it was beautiful! the bodice fits really nicely. true to size. there was extra fabric around the waist bust nothing that made the fit look weird. love love love!!! wearing for christmas eve!
I got he green color with gray accent stitching, looks awesome with gray tone leggings. super soft, definitely runs a little big (5'6" 140 lbs i ordered the small) but not in an unflattering way.
Love this tunic, it's super comfy & cute. i have in cream and love so much i ordered in mint. looks great with jeans and boots
"I thought this dress was worth reviewing since my opinion differs from many others.
i agree that the fabric is quite thin compared to what you may be used to with byron lars dresses, but the flattering fit and quality (has a nice built in slip) i found to be what you may expect from the brand. if you go in thinking it's more of a spring/summer dress, you will not be disappointed.
however, i find the sizing to be slightly off. i usually wear a 2p (i'm 5'2""), or a 0 regular.
i ordered several size"
I really love this lace-up shirt, but i only liked it in black on me. i like it open like the model is wearing it, but i had to have it a little more closed because the lace part does go down a ways-and i felt like i was revealing a little too much. i would likely wear it open, but then have to pair it with a cami underneath to feel comfortable. i absolutely love the whole outfit as-pictured, and also reviewed the polka dot pants. i wish the laces were a little longer than they are-if you have i
I love byron lars dresses, and this design is on-point. the ruffle at the neckline is so pretty, and the dress fits like a dream. however -- the fabric!!! i would have loved it if this dress had a heavier feel. this is, sadly, going back today.
Love this blouse, it;s super comfy, looks awesome with jeans. this blouse runs true to size i purchased in my normal size small.
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and due to the "slim fit," i ordered a size up -- a 2 petite up from my normal 0 petite. when i received it, i was surprised about two things: 1) the material was kind of puffy (not bad, just weird), and 2) it was too big on top - rare for a petite size - even though it fit everywhere else. i wanted to love it, but had to return. would be gorgeous for someone else!
I was hesitant based on the reviews, but i'm glad i ordered this dress (in blue). the material is like a french dot texture that is soft but still a bit structured. i had no issues with the fit. it's appropriately just a little oversized. the styling is very mod!
Great feature...perfect lacing...do not need to worry that it is too low since there is material behind the bottom of the lacing. like 3/4 length sleeve. gives top the right proportion.
"I purchased this jacket in green, x-small a while back and wasn?t 100% sure about it due to the size. i?m 5?3?, 117 lbs and a 33a and thought it was a little snug so i tried on the small and that was way too big so i kept the xs. i have worn it a few times and it does look great however i can only wear thin tops with it. recently i purchased the black, x-small and this i love. it?s looser then the green so i can get away with thicker tops. 
i do recommend both jackets. they are pricey for what"
"I love this dress, i mean it si really pretty in person, however, the breast area is just too small... i can't wear a bra with it, and my ""older"" breasts just droop, not flattering. they are barely covered... i am a bit disappointed at that, but if you are smaller up there, i say give it a try... i am 115 lbs, 26.5 ion waist, 30dd and xs petite was great everywhere but chest.

colors and fabric are great, i love that the different colors are different types of fabric... too bad."
I love the lace up design and bought the red xsp, fabric is a bit thin and mediocre quality, but over all happy with purchase. wish this top came in navy and white as well. even a navy/white stripe would be a fun option too. thanks you for offering this top in a petite size. :)

I got this shirt in the mail today and was really excited to try it on. other reviewers said that it ran large so i ordered a size down and it fit perfect. i looked in the mirror and noticed the ruffles were misaligned and obviously so. i want to exchange it in the store but seeing that the size is not longer available online, i'm not really sure i'll find another one in my size.
I love this jacket over a dress! it's snug fitting so can't wear anything bulky under it, but super stylish and comfy stretchy material. it's a bit pricey but i get a lot of wear out of it so worth it to me.
I'm 5'1 and 110 lbs.  i ordered this in a xsp and i could barely zip it up.  and when i did i couldn't breathe. i tried again and ordered a sp and it's perfect! now i just need somewhere to wear it.
Beautiful shirt, hits me a little higher. i'm not sure i'm going to keep it just because i have something similar but its a beautiful top. i'm 5'6" and carrying a little extra baby weight right now so i'm an 8-10 instead of my usual 6-8. i ordered an 8 and it fit well.
I love this blouse because it's great for work with cardigan over it, and great for going out with skirt, pants or jeans. it is tts and very flattering, light weight, and comfortable.
I happened upon this in my local store despite the fact that it is an online exclusive. i love finding returns so i can see them in person. i loved the soft colors right away. my hesitation was the standup collar but it actually folds down just fine and gives the vest lapels too. it also looks nice belted, left slightly open. i usually wear small or xs in tops and the small fits nicely. it doesn't need to close since there are no built-in fasteners. i will wear it with a long button down shirt o
I found this to fit tts. i sometimes wear petite, but found the petite sizing to be a little off. i have a pretty short torso, but found the petite to be too short. i opted for the regular sizing and got a 6; it fits great. this top is great for work (styled with a cardigan or blazer) or for play. i can see it dressing up or down very easily.
"I ordered the mustard yellow in 10 and found the shirt to fit true to size. it works great with a skirt and with jeans but i did need to wear it with high rise jeans otherwise it came right to the top of my normal jeans and i didn't want to risk showing any skin at work. 

the color is amazing and looks good with just about any color bottom so there is a lot of room to have fun with the top. 

being larger on top the ruffles did not bother me at all, but rather act like an accessory - i find"
I just tried this top in red in xs and i think it's cute. it's fairly fitted in my opinion; the sleeves are pretty snug but there's stretch to them. i was fine with the fabric and the size xs (i'm ~105 lbs, 34aa) even though sometimes i fit better in xspetite. the only downside is that the washing instructions say to remove the tie before machine washing, and i guess that put me off a little (the idea of re-lacing it every time). so i haven't yet bought it. the red is vibrant, tomato red and the
The cut of this shirt is lovely and well thought out, the opening for the arm are not too big like some other shirts. i liked the material and the melon/ salmon color which i ordered was more vibrant in person. this does run large so i wished i had ordered one size down.
"5'6"" 113lbs purchased size small in rich navy. so soft and comfy and i like that the cuffs help the pants not ride (even during sleep). i like that the fit is slim but not constricting on legs as all my yoga pants. tested this at my local vinyasa class and it held up without making me too hot (and i sweat a lot).

my biggest complaint is that the fabric pills right out of the packaging. actually their tag says the fabric does this and over time will continue to do this more and more because of i"
Great looking jacket with attitude. the color is more like a faded black or deep charcoal grey. i'm usually a large petite but this is snug in the chest. luckily it's a knit so i can make it work by zipping it partway and leaving the top half open.
These jeans are so cute! they are perfect for petites too! i am fit, look way younger than my age and get so many compliments when i wear these jeans. i'm. i'm 5'2", 115 libs and they definitely fit tight in a good way. just like the photo pretty much. they are not small like the white mother ankle fray jeans for sale on the site now. those definitely run smaller so these are true to size with a tight fit.
I live in los angeles and this is the perfect beginning of fall jacket! i've worn it with dresses and with jeans. definitely has enough extra room to slip a hoodie or small seater on underneath when it gets colder. it's soft and stylish. the only downside is that the pockets aren't really deep enough to put anything in.
I loved this dress as soon as i tried it on, but... it bunched up weird in the front around my hips. i ordered a second size 4, hoping that it would fit better. but same thing. if i tried to go to a size 6 it would be too big every where else. fyi - i'm 5'8" 129lbs and i'm a runner. it's not like i have a huge backside or anything. my guess is sizing is off. i've tried another of his dresses and it fit perfectly.
I really like this top. it's super cute - perfect for a football game or fairly casual event. the material is ribbed and is thick enough that you can't see through. i purchased this top in red and initially in petite but ended up returning it for the regular size. i love this top!
Nice tee, true red,3/4 sleeves, lacing is a nice touch. good quality and great sale price.
Feminine and lovely flutters indeed. i am on the fence. i ordered in a petite - had to size down - and something about bust and arm holes not completely right. given the light and airiness of this tank it does not seem right to have to wear a camisole underneath which is what it would need for work wear.
"Very nice casual, inexpensive shirt and the laced neckline is great....not too revealing and easily worn tied 
without looking prudish. and of course, open as well"
When i ordered this little jacket i knew i would like it, upon arrival i fell in love. it is a little edgy with leather detailing and with stretch in all the right places, the crop is super flattering. appeared online to be a bit more of a sweatshirt material but it has so much structure and holds its shape!
I'm usually an xs for most retailer dresses and shirts. i ordered up per other reviews and got a small. the small fits comfortably around my waist. the chest area is not made for large chests. my 34ds were barely contained. sad to say, i won't be keeping the dress. the layers, fabric, and colors are truly pretty but the design/fit is disappointing.
I really like how this looks on the model, but in real life this top is much tighter. i was hoping for a good layering top and have been playing around with the trend of lace up tops. i bought it without trying on figuring a small would work, but it was much too tight and the lace top reminded me of vans shoes. i returned it, a girl much tinier than myself has it and it is very cute on her. so, best works on a model body type figure than someone with even slight hips.
I got this shirt in red and black. both colors vibrant and material of shirt is nice cotton blend. will get lots of use from both shirts.
This is the most flattering shirt--love the fit and color!
Three strikes and retailer is out for me! i am so disappointed. i really liked this dress and was looking for a fun, distinctive new shift dress. got it, tried it on, took it off, went back to look at the listing online...nowhere does it mention that it has a drop-seam in the shoulders. i guess you can see it if you zoom in closely on the image, but it's not mentioned in the text. who on god's green earth actually looks good with a drop-shoulder?! it hits every woman under 5'10" right in the middl
This vest is very warm and soft. it is actually a fleece that almost appears as wool. the plaid is beautiful-a pretty soft pink with the black and charcoal colors. i ordered a size large and the fit is okay. an xl would have been too big under the arms and in the bust area however, i would have liked it a little looser in the bottom half. i kept the large as there is no closure to the vest. it just hangs open.
"I love this shirt so much that i've now bought it in 2 colors -- the olive green and the red. probably would have bought it in black too if i didn't already have enough black shirts. it's both a plain and simple tee, but with the fun lace-up detail at the neckline that keeps it from being boring.

it runs true to size but is very fitted. however, due to the thickness of the material, i didn't feel like any unflattering bumps or lumps were being highlighted, despite how close the shirt fit to my"
Don't try this on, if you don't plan to buy it. it feels amazing!!! i bought the black and it is a lovely charcoal color and matches so much.
I like the lace-up trend, but most designs are too revealing. this shirt is super sexy, but not immodest. i bought it in black and am now buying another color. to me, the fabric feels soft and thick, very nice.

I have these pants in navy and they're amazing! i cuff the hem in half and they look like joggers. they're ridiculously comfortable and tts but are not very thick so i'm pretty sure ivory would be see through; especially if you wear them during practice.
I got this top in navy and i love it. it's loose and flowy and comfortable, yet dressy enough to wear for work (or dress down with jeans). i'm 5'4", 125lbs and the 6 was a bit large on me. i could've sized down a little but i actually liked the loose fit, and the length was long enough to tuck in if i wanted to. definitely recommend.
I purchased the navy in this top and i really like the design and the style for the price (i believe the navy is on sale). my issue is that i do have to wear either a camisole or a little bralette or bandeau or something under it because it is too low cut in the front on me and the arm holes are ridiculously large. i might have been better off sizing down, but i bought it online, so i just decided to live with it. pretty top, though i do think it runs large.
Great shirt. the neckline is super flattering. the fabric has some weight to it. right now i am in a "fat stage"...and it still looked good. it will look even better without the midriff bulge! i bought the shirt in black. i'm thinking of ordering it in red...it's that good.
This is a great shirt that goes with everything. it's super sexy and i have to say....the girls look great in it! i bought the black first and went back for the green. the quality of the shirt is great...not cheap and no smell, at least not in my experience,  like was mentioned by another reviewer. i can't say enough about how cute this shirt is!
I purchased this blouse because i love a 70's vibe in my tops. it is a beautiful, colorful top, but the colors weren't flattering on me. having said that, the cut is nice, the fabric is lightweight and flows nicely, and the fit was fine on me. i am a curvy 5'5" with a 36 c cup. go for it if this is a style you like. one other note, i wish it had been a bit longer, but i am older and prefer a little more coverage. it's just a personal preference. i think the picture is an accurate depiction.
It's hard enough for women to find clothing that will make them look as beautiful as they feel but add a bigger bust size (i'm a 36dd) and it makes it this much harder. i ordered this top because of how beautiful it looked on the model and the price. when it arrived i was so excited! retailer does such a beautiful job with the way they handle their items! it was wrapped beautiful and no damage. i ordered a size 8 knowing that my chest could be a potential problem. the too itself is gorgeous! i did
Ordered this in white. it is really nice and sexy but very body hugging and unforgiving. perhaps it is my large stomach, but it hugs a bit too much for my liking. yet i think overall the design is very nice so i am keeping it and hoping i can lose some weight in my tum.
This is one of those you have to try it on to appreciate the lovely unique design. it is a very unique, flowing, romantic piece. it is sheer and i would wear a nude camisole underneath. i am normally a size small and bought a size 2 (i tried on a 6 in the store just to see what it looked like, fell in love with the look and the retailer associate recommended i buy a size 2). love it!
I got to try this on today and i really like it. the fabric is a normal t-shirt kind of fabric (i was hoping it would have been kind of special) and the v-neck in the front does go down a ways so that some cleavage is showing. i would feel comfortable wearing it as-is outside of work, but would have to pair it with a cami if i would going to wear it to work. normally, i am not a huge fan of v-neck in the back and it drives me crazy thanks cami's these days are often made with a "versatile" v and
A breath of fresh air. spring flowers! easy to wear. very feminine and flattering. looks great with denim, orange, reds , etc. very happy with this purchase.
Nice fit and flare style, not clingy at all. i got the grey color, petite large, fits perfect. will wear with tights/boots or booties. lots of color options to accessorize with.
"This top is soo pretty with a cool edge.
it looks and feels like really good quality."
This dress is flattering in all the right places. it has a gorgeous skirt with a comfortable, form-fitting top. it provides just the right amount of coverage. i love it so much i bought it in two colors!
When i first opened this dress and tried it on i thought it was adorable. it is very flattering on my hourglass figure and hides my recent baby weight. the problem is the hem. it was already rolling up when i took it out of the package, and i should have noticed and returned it, but i figured the problem would be easily solved by a good ironing. well, it wasn't, and it gets worse every time i wash the dress. it's like the hem isn't constructed properly.
I simply love this jacket. it's comfortable, soft and has a relaxed fit that is easy to wear. i wish i had bought mine while it was on sale.
I love this top! it's easily both day and night-worthy with a splash of sexiness in a front peek-a-boo design. lovely embossed design all over.
This bra is extremely comfortable and surprisingly supportive considering the lack of padding or firm material. it also runs large.
I love this sweater dress and get compliments every time i wear it.. i bought the navy in size xs. the pattern and colors are just fun and youthful, although you don't have to be young to look good in this dress. the dress is fitted, but the skirt flares, making it flattering if you have hips like me. the material is not too heavy so you can wear this 3 seasons fall, winter, spring. as other reviews have mentioned the dress is short. i am 5'9" so it does hit well above my knees. this isn't an is
I bought this in the white, size m (140lbs., 5'8", 34b) because i wanted a baggy fit, which i got, so this is tts. the white is more of an off-white rather than a bright white, which i like because i happen to be looking for an off-white tee. and the shape is good--even in a larger size, this tee nips in at the waist.however, the quality of this tee is lacking, as it is the typical, cheap, marled, slightly see-through material that seems to be everywhere these days and the band on the back of th
Extremely flattering. an easy dress to wear - good choice for both day and evening
I took a chance and tried on this jacket today at the store. at first i was worried that it might look boxy on me but as soon as i put it on, it was love at first sight! it's so cute and very comfy! the sleeves are slightly long on me but that's been a recurrent issue regarding all my jackets. i'm only 5'3" about 124 lbs. and it fit me very well. because it's a bit cropped, it makes me look taller. glad the weather is starting to warm up so i can find more excuses to wear it. i didn't need anoth
"Bought this in an xs and i liked the style of the skirt. it was long enough to wear to work. 
however the waist was too large and would not stay up on my waist. returned."
I ordered this top in the solid navy. the quality seemed very good, and my overall impression was favorable. what i liked was that the top stayed off the shoulders even when i was moving. so many of the on-trend "cold shoulder" tops simply do not stay put with even the slightest movement. unfortunately, this top ran quite a bit large. if you are in between sizes - i definitely recommend sizing down. i've not seen the printed floral option, but the dark navy is lovely and looks chic with white bo
Nice fabric, very versatile but the knit top and style accentuates your bust. probably not an issue for most but if your a d or up it's more attention than you may want.
I tried on the usual xs in the patterned style, and it fit really nicely. the colors are very nice in person, vibrant. teh cut is flatering and gives a nice definition at the waist i also love the lace up neck detailing. the sleeves flutter out, and will give a bit more volume, if i would change something that would be it. i would make the sleeves more fitter or perhaps shirter with the flutter. i am 115 lbs for reference...
I had it on my wish list for a long time, not sure whether i should purchase, i even hesitated when it went on sale, but boy, am i glad i did order it... it is crazy comfortable, flattering, and love that it looks black but is blue... i ordered both xs and xs p and decided to go with the petite as it will look super cute in the fall with boots. not too short (i am 5 foot 1.5)... the fake leather part concerned me at first, but i like it now... nothing bad ot say about it!
I tried this on in store and since my usual size 6 wasn't available i tried on a 4. it was a little snug in the upper sleeves and shoulders but was lovely otherwise. i passed on it and waited for it to go on sale to order it online. i got it in my usual size 6 but it seemed to me like it was 2 sizes bigger than the 4. i have decided to keep it but i just wasn't thrilled with the fit.
I agree that this blouse is boxy, but because it's not too long in length it evens it out. any longer or shorter would make it look too boxy. it's great for work to dinner during the week & goes great with jeans too.
Soft cotton in very stylish yet simple style. regrettably, i listened to reviews that said it ran tts and ended up w a baggy long one that won't work even if i shrink it. that will teach me-- always order multiple sizes!
I ordered this dress in size xl in the grey/red/yellow combination. i love everything about this dress. it's comfortable. the colors are cheerful. the proportions of where the stripes are placed works. but, i have to return this dress. it's too short for what i'm comfortable wearing. i saw from the photos that this comes mid-thigh on the taller models. i hoped that would mean it would be more knee-length for me. unfortunately, it's just too short and i'd feel self-conscious. i don't want to deal
I had to order this blouse since it is named after the town i live in. it does not disappoint. the flowers are so pretty and it has great style. there is a little piece in the neckline so it is not too revealing. the sleeves are loose and cover the bra strap underneath. the back has a little bit of elastic so it does not look like a maternity shirt and it gives you some shape. i can't wait for it to warm up and to wear this!
Perfect trans top.  skinnies or boyfriend and booties.  love the mixed prints
This top reminds me of the special tops i got "once upon a time"...when retailer adopted a more curatorial approach to their store. this is a beautifully-made top...quite dramatic but comfortable. i've received many compliments each time i've worn it. it has wonderful drapery and movement.
This blouse is so pretty and well made. it will be a new favorite with dark jeans and boots. it is very boho and a lovely blouse to feel dressed up a bit on a jeans day. loose in a flattering way (it does not look like a maternity top). very happy!
I love the layered look of this jacket. i got it in navy which matches everything. i think it's a little on the large side for me. i ordered a small. i'm 5'2" 130 lbs. super comfortable. the inner layer is very soft. once you wash it, the outside is soft too. i've already worn mine several times. happy.
I really wanted to love this dress, but it was so short! i'm only 5'6" so i don't consider myself really tall, but the dress only came a couple of inches lower than my butt! way too short for me. my husband asked if it was a shirt or dress haha. but i think this would look adorable on someone a few inches shorter. or someone younger who can pull of a short shirt :)

I ordered size small and medium because i can go either way depending on brands. and both look great! there is no significant difference except medium fell about 1 inch longer. i am 5'4" and size small hem fell about 1" above knee. size medium felt tab bit more loose but i thought fabric may stretch a bit after wear so i'm keeping size small. what a beautiful dress! although the body of dress is jersey material, it is lined so there is good coverage. i tend to not like "faux leather" since they
...there's enough room for a small family to live under the chest and trunk area of the blouse! sorry-had to say that! all kidding aside-since it's been thirty plus years ago since we were wearing these, many of us have forgotten what peasant blouses truly fit like. this is no exception- it is very billowy, flouncy, and roomy-more so even than today's peasant styles, i think. it is lovely and quite fitted across the chest -so that's how i ordered my size and it worked. i think if one sizes down
This top is so pretty and feminine. the different floral patterns work very well together and add an interesting flare to this unique blouse. the fit is very comfortable yet still very flattering due to the empire waist and flared sleeves. the fit is true to size, i usually wear a size medium or 10 in retailer tops and the size 10 fit quite nicely. this top is a great addition to any spring wardrobe and should transition nicely into summer as well.
Very cute, very comfortable. for me aesthetics and comfort must go hand in hand. this dress fits the bill.
Cropped and wide- would look cuter on someone who is more petite. was too wide and cropped for me. very sheer.
The fun colors drew me to this but it sure fit weird. the top was fine but it became a bit tent-like in the waist. the material doesn't feel great either.
I really like the style of this top, and it's delicate but well made, but i wish it were longer and less boxy. it's nice that it comes with a separate cami to layer, but the cami is very cropped. when i raise my arms you can see a lot of midriff (and the top is see through so a layer underneath is necessary). a longer cami probably wouldn't work because the top is also very short. i'm 5'0'' with an average torso length, and ordered the xxs petite. also, you would have to cut the tag off if you d
This is a pretty top that is conservative enough for the office, with a modest neckline. there is a little hidden snap or button under the bow at the neck so you don't have to keep fussing with the tie the fit is loose in the waist and high at the neck, so the sheer parts are the only thing to give it a little flirtiness. there is a matching camisole underneath that snaps in at the shoulders. overall, i thought it was nice when i tried it at the store, but it didn't have enough extra "wow" to ge
Very comfortable and versatile. got lots of compliments.
Is not a place i want to be, even if the style of a sweater is great.  yes, this sweater is very cropped, but i think it&amp;#39;s definitely intended to be worn off the shoulder to drop the waist a bit.  it&amp;#39;s the itchiness that makes it an immediate &amp;quot;no&amp;quot;, and that&amp;#39;s coming from someone who has serious fiber itch tolerance.
The combination of vintage and bohemian styles seems as if it would be flattering on all figure types. and i love the combination of smaller and larger prints. the only thing i didn't like is that on the blouse i received, placement of the larger print on the bodice is asymmetrical (unlike the photo). it might not bother some customers, but it wasn't what i was expecting, so i ordered a new one. i may keep it even if the second one is off, because other than that small thing, i think the top wou
Love the fabric & lace on this top. like other reviews said the arm area is tight where the lace meets the fabric which makes the fit uncomfortable. sadly this top is going back. if you have very skinny upper arms this top will fit fine.
This dress is really cute in person. however, it did not fit me like it does the model in the pic at all. first of all i'm 5 feet 1 and it was wayyy too short on me. i didn't have the petit on either-- i had the regular xs. it just hits a couple of inches too short for me. i am 50. it would be adorable if i were more comfortable in shorter dresses. i wear short things a lot, but this was just too high on me. it was probably a good 8 inches above my knee. also it flared too dramatically at the wa
Saw this online and had to try it on when i found it in the store. i usually wear an 8 or a 10 depending on how things run, (i'm a 34 dd), so i tried on both sizes. i really could not see much of a difference between the two and was torn as to which size to get. the 10 was just a tad looser so i went with that one, but seriously i could not find or feel much of a difference. it is a very figure flattering top, and a plus that you can machine wash it. simply awesome!
This knit dress is very comfortable. i liked the various colors used in the stripes. my only issue with it, is that the skirt of the dress flares out oddly and is quite short. in my opinion, this dress, with its sturdy fabric and long sleeves, would appear more proportional with a longer skirt. skirt length, along with horizontal stripes just did not work for me. regrettably, i sent it back.
Love love this dress. fits so great. i normally wouldn't have picked this dress. more preppy than my normal style. fits amazing. my hubby has complimented me more on this dress than anything else i've ever owned. the fit & flare style is super flattering i felt it fit tts.
This is one of my absolute favorites! the design is perfect, and the fabric is so beautiful. i don't love the coral color, but the mixed pattern is amazing. it runs a little large. i sized down one size and it fit perfectly. it's very flowy and comfortable. it's these unique, special designs that end of being my favorite retailer purchases. i've gotten so many compliments. very highly recommend!
"I'm assuming the model showing the sweater is at least 5'9"", it is slightly cropped on her , but it certainly doesn't look super cropped. i'm 5'4"" and its super cropped on me. even with high waist jeans.
also, it is incredibly itchy. i even tried it with a cami under but the itchy wool came right through the cami.
too bad, its a cute design, just needs some tweaking."
Beautiful colors, especially the pink. i am 5'3" and about 124 lb. i got the small petite but am thinking of exchanging it for the regular xs. not only is it short hem-wise, which i don't really mind, but it is short in the waist. very pretty and good fabric.
I love the style of this top. i just wish there were a slimmer version of it. unfortunately, this top doesn't suit my long, slim midsection. it is so wide, it completely hides the waist. i think it would look adorable on a different body type.
This dress caught my eye because i don't have anything like it. i wear between a m & l and preferred the large in this dress because i have a large bust. i usually wear a 10 in slacks and 12 in tops. i love the lace on this dress because it looks very delicate in the picture but it is very heavy and well sewn onto the fabric. it is durable while still looking elegant. i also like that it is in navy and not black. it is also nicely lined. i plan on wearing a colorful scarf with this dress.
A beautiful combination of eyelet with a soft fabric which lays beautifully. this does not make you look bigger then you are and i kept tts so the eyelet did not pull. mine fits perfectly. i personally will wear a cami under it as it is a bit sheer for me. it has an almost peacock print to it in colors of brown and tan. the black buttons down the back adds interest and charm. just adore it!
This dress looks great on me. it gives a slender appearance which hides a lot and it's easy and comfortable to wear.
Overall, gorgeous blouse; very flattering. i love the sleeves; very unique and also flattering. i love how the blouse is a fit-and-flare from the bust. it's fitted at the bust (but not tight) and drapes with an a-line style. the fit of this blouse is truly flattering to the figure. no issues with inappropriate amounts of cleavage showing or anything. the ties are weighted on the end with metal tubes, which i really like because it makes the strings drape nicely. the back drapes beautifully. i fe
Color is not like photo and fit doesn't work if you're busty

I first saw this jacket hanging at the store and it didn't look very cute. i saw it again on sale so i decided to try it on. i'm so glad i did! the inside gray material is so soft. i have broad shoulders and this jacket did not hinder my arms at all. it is very comfortable. i bought the x-small and was very surprised at how roomy it was. the sleeves are a tad bit long but the gray inner lining has an elastic cuff so it can be pushed up. not sure if the xx-small would've been too small or if the
Good quality material. i got size 10 which is a little too big - size 8 would probably be better. very pretty, feminine top. a little too full in the waist/skirt area.
For me, the tag sale is an opportunity to take a second look at items that i may have overlooked earlier, to pick up something fun at a good price. i found this dress in two colors in my size in the store! i took my usual xxsp at 32-24.5-32. length is perfect - just above the knee and the top is flattering with not too much fabric in the skirt. overall, this is a really cute staple dress. looking forward to wearing it in the spring. larger busted ladies size up. it is meant to be fitted in the t

I absolutely love everything about this dress. it can be dressed up or down. no complaints.
The horizontal lines on the skirt and top gives the wearer and very nice dress. i am short so i got the 6 petite and it fits perfectly. the fabric is thick and stretchy.
This is a great top to pair with jeans to step a casual night up a notch.

Slouchy relaxed fit. well sewn together and hangs well on the body. bottom hem hits upper thigh. good length and soft, easy fabric. light layering option as well. good spring jacket, can be kept on indoors without getting too hot.
"The colors are more vibrant than the photo indicates. indeed, though, the dress is very short and does pair well with leggings and boots.

i like that the dress highlights my hour glass figure, but with a generous nod to my curves with the accommodating skater skirt.

love it! will be easy to wear casually and work appropriate, too. the sale price was a huge bonus."
Top of the line! very well made and on sale to boot. i love the style and received a compliment from my sister when i wore it. i love the layered look.
Perfect little summer tunic that is very flattering. paired with a skirt, jeans or cropped black pants- this top is perfect! the cut in the front is not overly deep- so a cami is not necessary. i am usually a l or xl or 12 in retailer tops and i have a 10 in this top. so it is sized slightly larger than usual.
This shirt is really pretty but the sleeves are so small. i normally wear between a 4 to a 6 or a size medium and i could not get this shirt on. i wish it fit but a size large would have been way to long and loose.
I love this dress because its very playful and bouncy. it puts me in a light hearted mood when i wear it. i originally wanted to buy the grey color but my store only had the navy, so i tried it on. the navy is brighter and more colorful than it looks on line and the stripes are more varied in color than in the picture - so its quite appealing and vibrant. the lines of the dress are also quite flattering. all in all, its a fun dress!
This blouse fit better than i expected. looks great with jeans and is an easy go to top!
This dress is so comfortable, and i love the unique faux leather skirt and lace design. it really adds a special touch to the dress. i only gave it four stars because the top half is pretty boring...i wish the neckline wasn't so matronly. i'll definitely need a bib necklace or scarf to dress it up. i'm 5'5" and 115 and ordered the xs. i wish the dress cut in a little more at the sides to accentuate an hourglass figure, also. my husband loved it.

I love this top! not sure if i would picked it up in the store; i received it as a gift from my husband. kudos to him as it was a great choice. i love that the sheerness and lace make me feel a little sexy but the long sleeves and camisole offer the modesty i tend to crave. really beautiful and can be worn either with jeans or a dressier skinny pant for a night out. hd in paris never fails to please with their aesthetic and quality.
This top is great for spring- it's super light and can be dressed up or down depending on what you're wearing it for. fits true to size and is great quality.
I've admired the various iterations of this dress and finally found one in the sale room, much to my delight! i'm generally a sale shopper, so this doesn't mean i didn't think it was priced well. i have the oatmeal top with yellow/gold/orange pattern on the skirt in xs. the small fits comfortably up top, but on my petite frame, the top just looked too big, so i went with xs. i suppose the straps are a bit confusing, but their easy to figure out if you just look at them for a moment before puttin
"This dress is comfortable as well as flattering, which does not happen very often!
looks good with navy tights too!"
Love love love this jacket!! great spring and fall weather.. very stylish!!

Based on some reviews i decided to get the regular xs, even tho i am an xs petite (5'2, 107 lb, 32c) i found the fit to be flattering -- fitted enough but not too loose or tight. the length is perfect and work appropriate, and the material has some weight to it. the grey one is colorful and cute. the only problem is the bagginess of the arms -- very unflattering. if i push the sleeves up, it hides the bagginess a little, but i would like to have the option to wear the dress with long sleeves., s
I purchased this dress because i have a similar one with a linen skirt from the spring. the skirt on this dress is a heavier fabric and it lays very nicely. the top provides good coverage for my larger chest and i took my typical xs size. i would definitely recommend this purchase.
This jacket looked so good and felt so comfortable on- i almost didn't send back the first one that arrived with a little bit of damage at the bottom of the inner zippered sweatshirt, but i did exchange it and am just as happy with the fit and feel of the second one. it hangs well no matter how you fasten the front, or leave it open. great looking, casual but stylish and neat. a good grey, and a good blue.
I went to my local store and they only had the blue dress in stock, i had seen it online and i didn't expect to like the blue one. i tried it on anyway, and it was adorable! i struggled to choose, but i ordered the gray one at the store and they shipped it directly to me. it arrived quickly and i love it!
This jacket has a nautical look which is a refreshing change for this year. it is double breasted & a stretchy cotton, which i love. i am a big fan of cotton. it appealed to me so much that i ordered both the white & the navy in the regular size small. i am of small build at 5'3", 117# & expected that the sleeves c/b a little long. i avoid ordering petite size jackets b/c sometimes they are snug in the shoulders. ok, so the regular s was a good length at the bottom of my hips, but arms were bagg
"Absolutely love this blouse but if your a woman cursed with larger arms for your body size than this is not for you. i couldn't get the lace part of the upper arms past my elbows.

oh well, it's going back!"
This top is gorgeous and versatile. i wear it with jeans and dress it up with a skirt. so happy to have this in my wardrobe.
I thought that it looked like it belonged on a 15 year-old. i can almost see why they styled the model in what looks like ankle socks....ready for cheerleading. for reference it fits true to size, but is very short. i am 5'2" and tried on a regular small - it was at least 5 inches above my knee.
I loved this dress when i saw it. however the fit was way off. i am 5'7" 120 lbs and the small was way too big from the waist down. when the xs arrived i was sure it would be perfect. unfortunately the waist hit way too high, above my rib cage and the dress was too short. it was as if it was a petite size. i was very disappointed as this is such a pretty, easy dress to just throw on for school. unfortunately neither size looked right on me and i had to return both. the material is also not the s
The jacket is great, the quality is very good and the fit too, the best part is how it looks !
So pretty, but does run large. i am an 8-10 , got the 8 and big through the chest. had to return for this reason. if you are on the busty side it will look fab on you.

I was looking for a stylish spring/fall jacket and this one seemed to fit the bill. i was shocked by the quality and softness of the material and construction of this jacket. i could honestly not believe how comfortable and cute this felt and looked on me. i can't wear it enough! i am a short 5'2" but 36d and have 31" waist so i ordered a size m and l to see which would work best. as it turned out the m fit with plenty of room! i am normally a 12/14 so i was surprised by this. if you are on the
Love the detail and the way it hangs. i sometimes struggle with blousy tops because i have a larger chest, but this one didn't make me look pregnant! i purchased this with the 30% off... i wouldn't have paid full price for it.
I really wanted this to work. for me the arm cutout was too wide. a cap or lace flutter sleeve would've worked . also expected a little more length felt like the petite length.
I just received these pants and i am very pleased.  they are a little longer than i expected them to be, but that actually works out well because now i can wear them to the office.
Cute and pretty, runs a little wide and short, just slightly. i feel like i have that issue with all retailer clothes though. love the back.
I was hoping this would go on sale and now it finally has! i loved this dress just as much in person as i have online. the fabric is interesting-it looks almost plastic in the online pictures but don't be fooled, it is still a comfortable fabric. it is almost like lots of diamond pieces were actually sewn together to make this dress and i love it. there is a sipper down the side to make it easier to get into, but also in the back there is bunched up fabric which is made to be ore bendable for th
I tried this dress on and felt amazing in it.  i got home and showed my husband my purchases.  i told him i wasn't sure if i should have bought this one and told him to be honest with me.  he said it looked great and he was glad i bought it.  so great for a spring wedding. fits true to size.  i am 125 5'4" c-cup and i bought my normal size 0.  this made my waist look really small.

"Wow the mixed reviews on this dress would make someone not get it at all.
it is true to size. i'm a 6 and the six fit as a glove on me.
the material is not at all stiff. i actually wished it was a bit more structured. but that didn't bother me.
i was able to close the zipper by myself.
i'm 5'7"" 144lb 36a.
the top feels confortable to me as well. i don't considered myself curve like jlo but i have hips. the dress does not make me feel bigger at all.
the only down side is that it looks more expens"
This is a very nice jumpsuit; reviewers were correct stating that torso is long & fit better a taller person. as soon as i read the reviews i went on and placed an order for size 8, i'm 6ft tall 160lb and it has been very difficult to find a jumpsuit to fit my long torso. this one however turned out to be perfect! true to size and fit, not only that, the fabric is very soft and good quality, very interesting style of the jumpsuit, looks much better in person! i particularly liked cropped, wide-l
This top runs super small in the upper arms, shoulder area..could not even stretch out my arms! ...other then that major problem, the length and body fit were perfect...i am true med and/or large in all retailer tops so i tried sizes 10, 12 and neither worked for me due to arm/shoulder fit...disappointed because it really is a beautiful top...
A nice alternative to jeans, good fit. i like the casual but edgy rocker look they have. will look good with booties and full length boots. i took the same size that i do in all pilcro pants.
I love , love this top !! it looks just like the picture on model. the front is a soft t-shirt and the back is so cute and flattering . super unique and comfortable style.!! i am 5'4 -105 and xs fits perfect.
This is a very cute and unique top!! i absolutely love the back, which makes up for my indifference of the front. i'm a little heavier in the middle, so it hides it a bit, but the light blue from the back that shows on the sides makes me feel a little wider. it's not perfect, but i like it enough to keep it. i got lots of compliments on it when i wore it. it's very comfortable too. i just wish the front had a little more to it or was a tad longer. overall very happy.
This top is so lovely, i was worried of the color on my pale skin, but it is complementary, nice warm tones. yes, it is a tank, but i can see this as a transition piece into fall with a nice blazer, jeans, boots... the xs regular is perfect for me, length is adequate. if i were to go with petite, i might think it is too short. it is flowy, but still has shape, more than a swing top, so very flattering. the back is really cute too, definitely need a strapless for me, due to the thin straps...
Great pants, like the edginess of the design in the material. kinda rocker like. soft material that's stretchy and hopefully will hold its shape during the day. the color is listed as black but it's more of a dark gray with a slight blue hint.

I love these! they are a perfect addition to my fall wardrobe, and just like all other pilcro jeans, they are a great fit and true to size.
I often have a hard time finding items that fit true to size, but this top fits perfectly. it is cut really well and very flattering.

I'm surprised i'm the first to review this dress! it is a must for the holidays and any special occasion! it is absolutely gorgeous! it is so feminine and seductive; it's one of those dresses that would be stunning on anyone! it is a quality dress, beautifully made, looks just like the photo. i'm 5'9" & the hemline falls at the top of my knees. the neckline is exquisite & really "makes" the dress. i purchased the black version but if i was younger i'd get it in red as it would garner quite a bit
This shirt is very nice quality and looks stunning. it does run tight in the shoulder area and is a bit of a challenge getting off, but as long as i don't rip it one of these times all will be well! it looks so nice on that i overlook that design flaw.
The material is very soft and it looks just like it does on the model with the exception that it gets a little wrinkly at the hem and turns up at the corners. i like it and have already worn it a few times.
Was drawn to this dress in the store. my location had it displayed well (one mannequin with the dress & a jean jacket...another with the faux fur cardigan). the dress is a very vibrant red. but the fit is not for me. i am busty (34c) with a short torso, and the dress made me look like dolly pardon on top. but there was a lot of room on the bottom. i tried on a size 6 and felt like i needed a size larger on the top and a size smaller on the bottom. having said that, the material is a very good qu
I was really excited about this top since i have others from retailer that are similar in styling. unfortunately, it just didn't work out. i am petite with a short torso and ordered my usual size and it was way too short in the front. the top was also boxy and didn't sit right. it just wasn't flattering. cute top on the hanger, but just not on me.

The back of this t-shirt looks cute but the front looks really weird. the material in the back is quite stiff but the grey material is soft, so the front gray area ends up hanging weirdly and looking uneven and messy. i appreciate asymmetrical clothing but to me it looked like a patched up rag from the front. it fits true to size.
Well, this top just did not do anything for me - it's a very conservative style with the high neckline and blousy fit. you'd need to go a little lower in size if you want any of your figure to show through. i guess it might be good for a church function or some other conservative event, but it was too buttoned-up for my style. i also had a hard time getting it off even though the size i tried on was large for me. i didn't care for the feel of the fabric either, although the lace is nice.
Well made. made my hips looks giant. just not my style unfortunately. i'd have to work at preschool or on a ship to pull this off. i'm 5'3 120-123lbssize 6-8. i got the size 6 (not petite cuz they were sold out).
I love the color and the style, however it doesn't look as well as the model as i don't have a small waist like the model does. still overall, i love this dress and it is well made and comfortable
Love this blouse! its so darn cute. the fabric is soft, flows nicely and is just absolutely stunning without being over the top. it falls at the lower part of my hip. the softness of the fabric would make this easy to tuck in. the body of the shirt, sleeves, cuffs and placket are contrasting florals in black and creamy white. the top part is a brownish burgundy color and the flowers/butterflies are embroidered in goldenrod yellow, peach, creamy white, two mauve tones, turquoise and brown. the li
I am 5'3" 130 and curvy and this dress fit me perfectly. it's great for parties and weddings (depending on how formal). the only reason i gave it four stars is because the fabric is a little strange; the ribbing for the squares is almost like a pillowy fabric, and it feels a little bit on the cheaper side but luckily it doesn't look cheap. nonetheless, i love this dress and would definitely recommend!
Love this dress! just wore it last night to an early valentine's dinner. very classy, simple, but gorgeous. i'm a size 2 in just about everything but i always buy a size 4 in retailer dresses because i'm tall (5'9") and have broad shoulders and a long torso, and sizing up in dresses works better all around. i am also not busty (32b). i did get this in a 4. this dress was a little awkward at first trying to hook and then zip but once i got that down it worked. the hook is right up under your
Fits very strange. odd cut. does not look well on.
This is a beautiful top. it extended longer than i had hoped and a petite size was not available, so i ended up returning it. but it is beautiful and the tassels on the sides make it truly unique.
"Love this blouse! i took a chance on ordering it and wasn't sure what i would think. this blouse is fabulous!!! it has a boho-chic flair to it in a sophisticated way. it's one of those ""special"" pieces from retailer; elegant, quirky, sophisticated.
the details are great, too. of course the embroidery is beautiful; but there are a couple more fun details. the cuffs on the sleeve have multiple buttons; so that you can button them tight or just enough to roll the cuff once. when the cuff is r"
This is a timeless top. i loved the overall look of the top and after eyeing it for several days decided to purchase it. warning, the shoulder area is cut small due to the fabric at the top. i am usually a size 12 (because of ddd chest) but i bumped up to a 14 and it was perfect.
Love this top! it is super flattering with a long floaty body. i usually wear a 4 but sized up to a 6 due to the reviews and am happy with it but think a 4 would have fit as well.
Love tanks and this one is sweet and flowy. great with jeans/shorts or slacks with a jacket for the office. beautiful yellow floral with fun straps in the back that you can wear with a bra. front neckline is cut narrow so bra straps show but with nude or plastic straps it's not that big a deal.
This is truly unique top, the  detail around the neck is a nice change!!!
I am 5'2" 125 pounds and i bought the 4p. the fabric is high quality and does not cling at all but instead drapes and in a very flattering way. add that to the cut of this jumpsuit and you have elongating, very flattering lines. i could not be more pleased and regret not having bought this item earlier, since i would have enjoyed wearing it during the holidays. as other reviewers said, it is adorable and a winner.
Very nice fabric but disappointed in the stitching on the knees. it looks nice but makes the pants very uncomfortable and tight around the knees. too bad because i love the style and hoped they would work!
Very cute flowy fit. i am generally a size small, 32-d chest. because the material has no give it fits perfectly (just barely) if it was any smaller or i was any larger it would be too small. very cute design.
My store had this and i was so intrigued with its nearly $400 price tag that i decided to play dress up. the colors in person match the colors online, so that was nice to see consistency. overall though, i feel like a dress of that price would need to make me feel like a million bucks, which it did not. most items that fit my slender frame are too short, and this was no exception. the xs fit but i wouldn't be doing much moving, walking or dancing in this dress, which brings me to the question of
I saw this online and thought, hmm, no. then saw it in the store, touched it, and the fabric felt so soft. i am normally an 8 petite in cartonnier, but the only sizes available were 4 and 2 regulars in-store. the 4 just looked promising. i thought i'd try it on for laughs. but it is soooo cute i ended up taking it home. the 4 regular fits perfectly on my curvy on the bottom, 5'2, 145 lb figure. my measurements are 34(b)-29-38, and i was shocked how well this fits in a 4 regular! perfect length a
Great little transitional piece. i bought the blk/blk floral one & it's not your usual top. sort of quirky & one of a kind looking. i think it's crazy comfortable & i just love it! even its a bit chilly outdoors, toss on a scarf round one's neck & head on out. not the kind of top you'd wear with a jacket.
This top has a western look with lots of black and some burgundy shades.  it is very cute and the fabric is soft.
I was lucky enough to get a hold of this intarsia sweater dress after the sale and i wish i had purchased this the first time round. it is absolutely stunning, flattering, comfortable and unique! i am 5'3" and the regular hem fit me just fine at the ankles. i think this dress runs both tts to a bit large so i would size down if your small framed and stay your usual if your busty or broad shouldered. perfectly complements my taupe booties that i already owned and a my taupe maxi sweater that has
These run very small!! they are also short, almost like a crop pant. the fit was so weird that i won't even exchange for a bigger size.
I purchased this top in a great sale! fits great,true to size i am xsmall-small for reference, purchased small. i ended up putting a bandeau bra on with it to feel more comfortable. it would be great in the fall with a cardigan/ sweater, or a blazer. super cute to wear alone in summer with jeans!!
I am returning the dress because it smells heavily of the last purchaser's deodorant and perfume. it was actually nauseating to put on. i am disappointed with retailer that i was sold this dress, full price, in this condition. otherwise, the dress is lovely. it is true to size. i am 5'5" 110 lbs and the size 0 was perfect.
First, my husband had to help me zip up in this interesting but awkward design. the materials is nice, but stiff, so the skirt is quite full. the shoulder idea is interesting, but i would not want to spend an evening in it. to me, not up to the usual ms standard.
This is as beautiful in person as online, but the length is shorter than the description, and the arms are tight! although i am 5'1", i normally wear regular sizes in retailer just fine; however, the 28" length scared me off, so i ordered a 2p. it says it's 26.25" long, but it's actually just about 24". and my normal sized arms struggled to fit into the sleeves - yikes! but it's gorgeous and was purchased with a gift card, so i will keep :-)
These pants are so soft and so comfortable! i was absolutely in love at first sight. however, i got the petite, because i am 5'3, and they were still a little longer than i like my pants to be. i wanted them to hit right above the ankle, just like the photo, however, they are a tad longer. i still love them and they are still as comfy as ever, so i am gonna deal with the length!!
I just tried on this dress in the store, in red, and i loved the off the shoulder design. the color is just as pictured online (a light poppy red). the neckline began a few inches below my collarbone and was super flattering. however, the skirt portion of this dress flared awkwardly at the hips, causing my hips to look much wider than they really are (and also disturbing the otherwise clean lines of the dress). it seemed to me that there was too much fabric at the back portion of the skirt than
It looks like you are wearing cargo shorts. really unflattering. avoid buying this skirt

I ordered a petite medium in black, and it fit great great. some of the other reviews said it was tight, but i found it pretty loose and flowy. also felt it was plenty of coverage - wore it to work (casual workplace) and transitioned to happy hour beautifully.
I had been on the hunt for a plaid bomber to rock this fall and this retailer edition bomber surpassed all of my expectations! it literally pairs great with everything fall.. chokers, boots, dresses; you name it! it also fits very true to size. not too fit to your body, and a little loose, but not too loose.. just like a bomber jacket should! i highly recommend this product.
I am pear-shaped and often have a hard time finding pants that fit just right. these did the trick!! they are slim in the waist, but have plenty of room for bigger hips. the overall fit is body skimming/hugging, but they are not tight or uncomfortable in any way! and i have no gapping at the waist. the fabric has a slight sheen to it and a little stretch, but they will be a perfect pant for the office. for reference, i am 5'4", 34/26/38, and i got a 6 regular.
This jacket is well-made and smart looking. it gave me just the boost i needed today at a difficult meeting. thank you retailer!
Perfect fit. did not lose its shape. thicker material. great quality for a great price. definitely  a wardrobe  staple. can be dressed up or down. work (business) appropriate. fits tts. for reference,  i am 5'0", 109lbs, and the 00 petite fits perfect. falls right above ankle like pictured. if they had more colours, i would get them too :)
This is a great lounging dress or a great beach cover up. i ordered up a size after reading other reviews. although, i feel like my normal size would have been fine probably. i ordered the black and it is not see through. it's very light weight and comfortable. i may even order in another color just because it's so great to wear around the house.
The fit on these pants is just right for me. i have curvy hips and a slender waste and legs. these pants don't gap in the back, as fitted pants often can. easy to dress up or down. the color hasn't held up as well as i hoped, so take care when laundering.
Ordered the navy and aqua in medium. the aqua fit a lot tighter than the navy seemed to be a different fabric and less stretchy. loved the color on both but returning the the aqua. normally wear size 6
Very comfortable fabric and fits nicely. i am 5'10" like it states the model is, and it falls shorter on me that viewed, but still looks nice. it will be an easy dress to use for different looks.
When i tried on this bathing suit, i decided to not try on any others. it was just right! i usually find bathing suit shopping difficult and no fun--as i can never find a suitable bathing suit. this suit looks nice/flattering, and i can also move around in it and it stays in place. i purchased it in the navy and i'm going to order it in another pattern as well. it looks modern and classic; it's a chic style. i'm a size 6 in dresses, and i purchased a size 10 in this bathing suit.
I have bought other leggings at retailer and they were fine. these run small. i have to return.
Love love love these leggings and what an amazing price point!!!
This is a great beach/pool or lounge piece. i debated keeping but couldn't pass up how comfortable it was. hugging without being tight. i will probably only wear it with some sort of layer like a jean jack or tied shirt rather than undone unless on on the beach but it's so comfortable. straps are a bit long.
"The colors and fit of this suit are even better than described. it is the most comfortable and flattering one-piece i have ever tried on. 

as noted by other reviewers, there is limited support in the chest; this suit will keep you covered but does not provide lift."
I had been looking for a one-piece that is fashionable yet practical. fabric is beautiful, fit is impeccable, no complaints on lack of support. i find if you tie it tight up top it's very practical. this was the perfect choice for me. i am 5'3" 120 lbs and ordered the small.
This is a very comfortable and sexy sleep dress, the way it drapes. i can see that the type of fabric is not suitable for out and about activities and can catch on snags, etc. very easily. once i relegated it to the nightgown category it became my favorite item to wear and lounge in.
These sold out in my size 16 before i even knew they existed! (probably a great indication that your in-between and plus-size customers are hungry for more options from you). please restock so i can get in on this apparently-perfect pant!
I love this top! i gave it a four star because i wish it were a tad longer. i am short... 5'-1 and it does work for me, but i do tend to like my tops longer. very cute and airy in the back!
This suit fits like a glove! i've had five kids and am currently nursing my last baby so i was looking for a suit to wear to the beach this summer when i'm just not feeling a bikini. this is it! it's comfortable and not binding easy to nursing and swim in. overall worth the extra splurge. i'm tall too so it was plenty long on my torso.
Cute top! the bright red crochet shoulders and back add the perfect pop of color to the light blue pinstriped front. it's a little loose and boxy around the bust area but overall i think it's a flattering shape. i got the regular s and don't find it too short. for reference i'm 5'2", 134 lb, 34b. i often wear petite sizes but due to other reviews mentioning that the top is short i ordered the regular size and am happy with the length and fit.
This top looked super cute online but when it came it was super short and boxy. looked like a tent on me. this one went back the same day it came!
Comfy easy dress. i bought the black version. fabric is so soft. i wear this around house, but don't hesitate to run out in it if needed. i bought medium so it was roomier and for length since i'm tall. small also fit, but was shorter than i wanted.
Uncertain about sizing i got both the 4 & the 6...both made me look like a no-asser :( neither fit quite right in the leg. both hit at a weird point in my calf, not cute-short, just off. (i'm 5'8" and 125#) to quote my husband, "nope. not feeling these." that said, they feel great on, seem to be made well, but are heading back to an retailer near you :( sigh. the quest continues :)
I love this dress for day and night time. the back detail is cute and works well with a racerback bra. it runs big though. i'm normally a small in dresses and the arm holes are too big in the size small on me. it was also generally too big all over. i like the length and the weight of the fabric. i purchased in the off black color.
I had my reservations given that i'm petite (5'2", 108lbs) and it's midi style. i'm glad that i took a chance. i bought the red motif and it's beautiful. it's wrinkle-free right out of the package. the color is vibrant and the style is classic and effortless. fits true-to-size. great for work with a black tee as shown in the picture.
Cute comfortable top. fits well and will look great with skinny jeans.
I got the shorts and the blue motif they're really comfortable and will look cute with a tank top for the weekend.   they true to size them usually a size 4 to 6 and i got a small and that works.
I purchased this dress in black and love it. its hot where i live so i am always looking for a lightweight dress that i can throw on either after the pool or out and about. i wore it to an outside concert with sandals and a simple braid, it was perfect! considering ordering it in another color!
Perfect fit! can be dressed up or down! more colors please!
This is a great pant to wear to business and when you just need something more than a jean. not so skinny a 50+ woman can wear comfortably..
These are great pants. i love the fit and the taper of the leg. these will be my "go to" black pants for the fall season!
I got this to wear as a beach cover-up over bathing suits. if you purchased a darker color and were small chested (i.e., you could go braless, since a bra won't work well with the low back and armholes), you might be able to pull this off as a very casual dress. i bought this in a xs in the coral/peach (i'm 5'7", 129 lbs., 32dd) and it's not super see-through, but i'd never be comfortable wearing it as a dress on its own. as a beach cover-up it's cute and comfortable, but as a dress it would be
I love the fit of these pants -- they're the perfect slim black pants. however, i wore these pants exactly three times before the seams split the middle of the pant in not just one, but multiple places. disappointed by the workmanship/quality of the product, especially since the pants fit amazingly and don't sag like other slim fitting black pants tend to do. i hope retailer will take this into consideration and improve the quality of future iterations of this product.
This is a great casual summer dress. cute as a cover up but in the black you can definitely wear it for daytime. if you're feeling bare throw on a white button down or chambray.
"I waited three months for these pants. when they finally arrived, i was mostly pleased. they seemed like the staple pant everyone is raving about. and they should have been.
problem one: they bag out. i got one wear out of them before i needed to wash and hang to dry (regained shape then).
problem two: the crotch split! in the front! i'm a teacher. i sincerely hope no one noticed! i read other reviews about this problem and don't know if i got a bad batch or if a similar fate is awaiting other"
This is a great silhouette and the red/black plaid will be perfect for fall. it will look great with black bottoms or with jeans. the only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the outer shell fabric (the plaid) is a rayon twill that is a little bit lightweight for the silhouette, so it is bagging out a little around the zipper and the pockets. i'm hoping the quality will hold up. i bought this same jacket in a heavier weight camoflage printed tencel this spring from the same brand, and
This swimsuit fits exactly as i had hoped. i purchased it in the teal dot and it is a little brighter than in the photos, but i ended up liking that better. it is well made with thick (but not too thick) lined material. also, i was initially worried that the deep v-neck may be too deep for my liking, but once i had it on,it looked classic and not showy. i love the suit.
I love these pants. i bought as basic pants to dress up or down and they look good with flats or heels. also i like you can wash instead of dry clean.
These pants are awesome - please make them in other colors besides black and navy!
This is an amazing swimsuit. i had been on the hunt for the perfect one piece. i wanted something a bit on the modest side, but still sexy, and i hoped for a unique print that would make it stand out. the icing on the cake would be a suit that is functional enough to either lay poolside or scuba dive. enter this swimsuit from retailer. i fell in love with the teal dot print as it's unlike anything else i've seen - it's absolutely spectacular in person. i love the vibrant blue and the chic d
I really love these pants. just the right fabric, not too thick. so comfy. i do feel they run a bit big. they stretch out quickly so if you are in between sized, choose the smaller one.
Like others, i finally received my size 6p black pants after months of waiting.  for starters, these pants run small, so i ordered a size up but still in petite, because i adored the red ones i got this past summer.  when the black pants arrived, they were a full three inches shorter than the red ones (which were also 6p), and the fabric did not feel anywhere close to the same quality.  i'm debating ordering the regular length, but i'm not sure i'll bother, based on some of the other reviews.
I had been searching for a swimsuit that flattered my baby bump and this is it - i'm in love! for reference, i am 5'6",170-180, 10-12 or m-l depending on the item. however, i'm currently 19 weeks pregnant so im about 185 and growing - so i went with the xl swimsuit. i have a 36c/38d bust and although there is no true support in the top of this suit, it holds the girls in and the deep plunge is just the right amount of sexy. the bottom has modest coverage, showing just a little bit of cheek. i go
I bought the first skirt at the store. loved it so much i went online and found this one and bought it too!
I put this runs small but it's a little more tts, except the arms are very slim! if you like to push your sleeves up like this model, you will have to wait for a while to see if the sweater loosens up. length wise it fit me a bit longer than this model and i'm a petite. the color is also darker and not as red as in this sweaters, which i actually prefer. the sweater is much thicker than my other cashmere sweaters. some of the stitching seems stick out as if the sweater is worn inside out, but th
So i recognized the fact that this dress was likely intended more for lounging than for wearing out and about, but i once had a lot of luck with dresses of this price point (and intent) at retailer, so i had hopes. i was just wanting it to be a great addition for vacations and beach days, but it's honestly so thin i couldn't even see it working that well for that. it's also cut smaller than i was anticipating judging by the way it fits the model; my usual small was way more bodycon than i was anti
Love the fabric fit and cut of this skirt. it hits at just the perfect spot but runs a little large and is more flattering when sizing down (atleast on me) .
This is by far the cutest, most glamorous one piece i have ever tried on! it fits perfectly and is flattering in the right places, it doesn't show too much cleavage and is modest enough for family events. absolutely love this suit in navy. wasn't in love with the rest of the patterns, hoping they come out in more solid colors someday soon!
I don't normally try on tops like this but i liked the product shot so much that i wanted to repeat the outfit. i grabbed a large because it wasa shorter blouse. it was huge. i sized down to the medium and it was still loose but if i were to purchase, it would be that size. the red against the blue was very pretty but i didn't know if felt like a little kid in a uniform. the back did not lie flat, not sure if it was because of my 36d chest or because of the shirt design. it is well made and i th
I love this ankle length pant. it is so comfortable wear it with a tunic or tee. i can wear this for 3 seasons!
I think this is the first time i've successfully purchased pants online. i normally have to try a bunch of styles and sizes on before i find the right ones. i gave it a shot with these, and bingo! they are great! they are a bit longer on me than on the model, because i am 5'3" and did not order a petite. i still like how they look, hitting just above my ankle. just the right blend of conservative and cool for lecturing in front of college undergrads.
Such cute, soft and comfortable shorts. can be worn as night wear or out and about.
I saw these in an email and immediately went to the web to look at them. they fit well and have nice slim look. the bottom of the legs seems to fit a little slimmer on me than in the picture, but they aren't too tight.
"Received many compliments the first day i wore them.. amazing fit. disagree with the other post. the
quality is amazing. i wish they had other colors. bought xs"
This is one of the most comfortable swimsuits i own. i purchased it in the turquoise dots print and found that it was colorful and perfect for a beach getaway. the adjustable halter style makes it really comfortable, yet cute. i highly recommend this suit to those looking for a unique, yet whimsical swimsuit style.
Great swimsuit, love the fabric and pattern. the top lacks support.
This dress is the best casual find. goes with everything- flips flops, tennys, jean jacket. feels little sporty and the orange was a cool addition to my closet.
I tried this on in the store and was disappointed because it looked so fresh and vibrant on the hanger. but it's basically cut for model-sized people only. it's short and wide, and if you have any boobs at all it'll make the back pucker. i can't imagine this will look good on most women.
I really wanted this skirt to work but it didn't look very flattering on me. a great midi length and very cool pattern, so hopefully will work for others!
These are really cute. nice fabric. i love the rise...not to low, not too high. but they are going back. i'm a size 4. i got these in a 4. they fit fine in the waist and bum but they are tight around my calves. also, they were more like "high waters" on me than cropped so a petite in the length probably would have worked better for me had these fit.
This top is gorgeous! this is why i love retailer the quality is amazing. i just love how unique this top is. it's a light jean blue and white pin striped shirt with these beautiful red crochet sleeves. i'm a 34ddd i ordered the large and it's perfect. it is a bit shorter probably because of my chest but i was going to wear it with high waisted shorts anyways.  it's a must buy!
Sale price is a great price for a cute cover-up.  so this is not a polite company dress.  this is a "i want to show off my cute underwear/bikini/cross-fit bod while i go get a cold pressed juice in venice" kind of dress.  or you can just wear it at home like i do.  runs small btw, so size up.
These fit me really well. i tend to have a problem finding trousers that fit my more muscular legs and my waist. usually, if it fits my legs the waist is too big. the trousers have some stretch for a better fit. the only downside is that i had go them hemmed (bought regular size).
I am normally between a size 0 and 2, so i ordered these pants in both sizes to make sure i would have a nice pair of black crops to wear to work. the 0 seemed pretty tight all around, so i returned the 0 and kept the 2 even though there was a little bit of room in the waist. of course the size 2 after a few hours of wearing had completely stretched out, was bagging in the crotch area, sliding around on my waist and creasing badly behind the knees. i doubt i will wear these pants more than the o
The material and construction of the pants are great, but the length is just plain awkward. i'm 5'4" and the regular came to just above my ankles, and looked as though they had shrunk in the wash in a really bad way. a couple of inches longer and they would've been fine, or i could've gotten them in petite and worn them as true ankle-length pants, but the regular just didn't do it for me. also i'm usually a size 6 (5'4", 125lbs) and these were a little baggy around the waist and hips.
I often find wearing anything described as 'slim' difficult, but these pants are absolutely wonderful. i bought in a size 12 regular length. they are perfect, both in fit and quality.
This midi skirt has a really nice drape with great seasonal colors! can't wait to pair it with my wine color booties!
I ordered these in a size small on sale, thinking that because of the material, they might not fit. they are actually very cute, and fit in the waist/legs, but in the crotch area, as another reviewer mentioned, they could fit a little better. they look fine with a longer top so i decided to keep them.
Unique design. love the collar and broad cuffs. the xs regular fits me better than the s petite, which is a bit short.
I bought this dress in the cream color. it was sold out online in most sizes but i stumbled upon it in person and immediately had to have it. i'm usually xs or small, and bought the small. they did not have an xs available so i can't compare, but the small was flattering and comfortable. i'm 5'5" 120 (34c) and it falls perfectly at my ankles (no dragging) and looks great with simple, neutral sandals. as some reviewers have mentioned it has some weight to it, so it's probably not great for hot da
This is a fabulous style top! highly recommend this top. comfortable material. retailer is consistently tried and true to a classy style!
This dress is gorgeous, but i should warn all the tall ladies out there that it fits quite awkwardly. i'm 5'10" and tried both the petite (thinking it would fall more like a midi), and the regular, hoping it would fit like a maxi should. both hit at a very awkward spot on my mid-shin... as much as i loved and wanted it, it looked too weird to justify buying.
"Love the coral color - so pretty in person. it is slightly lower cut on the chest than i expected. 
this is a great top for the weekends!"
These are the perfect leggings. they're so soft, and they don't stretch and droop throughout a day of wearing them. i ordered the grey and moss, and they have different textures, which is fun.

This cardigan is very cute in the picture and i really wanted to love it but it just didn't seem worth the price. the material is kind of itchy to me and i wasn't a huge fan of the wide edges in the front. the colour is very nice and feminine.
I never buy anything at retailer full price, but had to get this when i tried it at my local store, especially since it's back ordered for so long. it's very flattering, and super comfortable. fully lined, not see- through at all. elastic waist that's hidden under the sweater top. will be so easy to throw on and dress up for an evening out, or lounge in after a day at the pool or beach. looking at the model pics, i was concerned the arm pit holes came too low, but on me that is not the case. the t
This sweater is unique and really pretty.  i got so many compliments and i felt really girlie wearing it - it is so fun.
I just saw this in the store and loved it! it is shorter than pictured on the model, but it's not short. with a long shirt underneath, i'll wear it with leggings. the color is beautiful!! the size does run large - i normally wear a large at retailer, and i got this in a medium. i can't wait to wear it all fall and winter long!
Very fun and comfortable pants that will bring you many compliments. they do fall open when you sit down, though they have liner shorts inside for coverage. they are not appropriate for work but will become a wardrobe favorite.
I don't typically write bad reviews, but this dress is so bad and i want to save someone else from buying it. i read the mostly bad reviews and still purchased anyway (my fault i know). the dress is super stiff ( i know denim can be that way and it is possible it would soften up after a few washes). i'm typically a 6/8 and the size small swallowed me, and the xs was big everywhere except through the bust (i ordered both sizes to try). i wouldn't recommend buying this if you are a size 8 or small
These pants! great casual pants, i've received so many compliments! mainly because they are flowy, and the open panels make them different! with the weather so hot, they are perfect for keeping you cool. very pleased with this purchase!
After reviewing the comments for this dress i was really hesitant about buying it online, so i finally went to the store and all of the reviews are 100% true. this dress is amazing in terms of quality, but the sizing makes zero sense. i'm normally a size 12, but based on the reviews i initially tried on a medium. even that was huge, arm holes so long you could see my entire bra. so i tried on the small and that fit perfectly. unfortunately, unless you're normally an 8(maybe) or above in sizing,
Loved the style, ordered my normal m- fit tts though i thought i would potentially taper the sides to make less boxy (with a larger bust and shoulders, boxiness is unflattering). the slight boxiness looked perfect with stretchy, fitted business slacks. midday, i held my ipad up to my chest and the velcro from the cover pulled an entire lychnis delicate threads. not just snagged- i had to gently separate the threads from velcro grip. needless to say, it pulled the threads out by at least 1/2 an i
Nice basic top...i will get plenty of use out of this! love the neckline.
I'd been eyeing this dress since i first saw it in the dress catalog when it came out. when i saw it in person, it was just as beautiful as i remembered! i'm about 140 lbs and usually wear a size s or m, but i tried the s on and decided to size down to an xs, because the linen flowy fabric lays a bit wide when on the body; however, the s would have worked, too! i'd say size down if you prefer your clothes a tiny bit more fitted. the fabric is beautiful and lightweight, even though there is more
I have been searching for a pale pink sweater for fall. the color and fit is much prettier than the way it is photographed here. i think it will look great over denim, grey, or olive green dresses and shirts.
Don't buy this dress unless you are normally a medium or larger. order it one or two sizes smaller than your normal size. i ordered an xs and it's more like a medium or large.
I got this in blue and also in white, both size medium. it's a very comfy casual top and i love the horseshoe neckline and front facing seaming which makes it just a bit different. however....i can't figure out why the blue color fits quite a bit smaller than the white. but it does, so consider this when you order, depending upon how you want it to fit. i'm keeping both but will wear the blue in a different way, definitely not with leggings.
I think the model is wearing a larger size, per the first review. i am 5'2" and 105 lbs and the xs fits about the same in length but not nearly voluminous. so you should order up if that is what you want. this will be perfect for some long summer flights instead of a wrap, since the sleeves will be more convenient and i always look schlumpy rather than elegant in a shawl! if it had some cashmere or another softer fiber i would be totally in love with it.
I ordered the white solid & the white w/blue stripes versions in size xl. both fit me true to size. the fit matches the model's photos. i got these on sale and they're worth that price. they're great basics to have. the white/blue striped one is my favorite. it such a pretty combo. i love the unique neckline too. fun details for a basic tee.
I found this at my local store and ended up buying both colors. the fabric is thicker than a t-shirt. these will go with so many things....jeans to dressy skirts. i normally wear a small but ended up buying the medium (2). the small fit me but was a little too short (for reference i am 5'8"). these will be a staple in my wardrobe all year round. love!
The colors and print are absolutely beautiful and i'm quite heartbroken that this suit just doesn't fit. i don't have a long torso but the v was just so plunging that i wouldn't feel comfortable leaving the backyard lounge chair in this bathing suit. no matter how much i tied the halter it still revealed a v halfway down to my naval. the strange thing is that there seemed to be too much fabric on top, lots of ruching and thicker straps than i would normally go for, and while i'm only around a b
This sweater has the perfect slouchy shape for fall. i wish it were a little bit softer and heavier - the fabric is pretty lightweight - but it layers beautifully and will be a staple for me this season.
The overall styling was great, and the dress is super-cute, if a little thick (it's made of denim, after all). i ordered a size down from my normal, and even then, i was swimming in it. the worst part, and the aspect that will make me return it, is that the arm holes hang down so low that i'd have to wear a tank top under the dress. i'm returning it, though it is really cute and i love this brand. the arm holes killed it for me.

Marking down one star because these pants do gape quite a bit when you sit down, though i appreciate the shorts underneath that prevent any indecent exposure. these could have done with a little stitch in the front or side somewhere on the leg to limit that. that said, my other similar (non-retailer) pants that are much worse and are also are bulkier on top, which does not look great at my size/with my body shape. these are more flattering (i love the band on top) and comfortable. i am normally a
It is seldom that i write a review about a tee, but after receiving the jessa tee in the mail today, i just felt compelled to do so! the deal is, this tee is pricey for sure, but in my opinion, it is worth it! as another reviewer said, the cotton fabric is hefty; in fact, it could also be called a "lightweight sweater." everything about this tee is perfect and classic: the elbow sleeves, the nice neckline, and the semi-boxy, semi-cropped fit. it will go with everything from jeans, to nice slacks
These leggings are some of the softest i own. i ordered both the black and the moss and each has a distinct pattern. they are perfect for colder climates and fit me like a glove.
I took this sweater on a recent vacation up north. i wore it 3 evenings because the weather changed from hot to cool. loved the feel of being wrapped in a warm blanket. cocoon cardigan is an apt name. wasn't sure about pink but it is exactly as pictured. this will become a go-to in my sweater wardrobe.
I normally wear a size 2 so i ordered a small and an small petite, i will be keeping the small because the small petite looks like a shirt on me, my height is 5'4". it runs very big underneath the arms as well. the design is so unique i will be keeping it.
This dress is still super cute despite its shortcomings. i agree with other reviewers that it definitely runs large, and very small petite/thinner ladies might feel it's overwhelming. it worked for me in my usual size l though. for reference i'm 5'3 and this hit just above the knee. and while the dress is "roomy," a smaller size would likely have been tighter or pulled on my fuller (36d) chest as there's not much give in that area. i agree that the armpit holes are ridiculous, but a thin camisol
So comfy and stylish. love the color, i purchased the indigo/blue. nice fit, relaxed fit....not fitted. might have to get another color. it's fun to have a tee with a different design detail (neckline). i'm 5'7 145-150 lbs and ordered the medium. a smaill probably would have worked too, since my shoulders are a bit narrow. but mediumd is fine:)
I love this sweater! it is true to size and not itchy at all. i am 5'5" and i bought the small. other reviews said it wasn't as long as it looks pictures but it is the same length on me as it shows on the model. you can wear this with so many things! i can't wait for fall so i can wear it.
The coral is stunning. the shirt has a slight flare at the bottom that you can't see in the picture, it isn't a straight cut. the sewn edges are rough style making the shirt right for casual wear with jeans, or dressing down something fancier.
I received this sweater in last week, when i opened the package i thought for sure that this sweater was going to be itchy , it is not , the styling is great and very flattering for the price this is a great value.
I'm a 110 lb, shorty with a short torso and long arms so the standard xs was huge. i had the opportunity to try on both the xxs petite and xs petite. the xxs petite was almost perfect but i wanted it more flowy - probably best for those that are even shorter and more lightweight than me, othewise, it looks a little too boxy. the petite xs fit me the best and draped nicely, similar to the model in the pink. i had a sweater with this exact silhouette 5+ years ago and wore it to death even though i
I bought it in the cream color and loved it so much that i bought it in black too. super cute with jeans! can dress it up too. the only slight negative, if i had to find one, is that i feel like i have to pull it forward, at the neckline every once in a while...it doesn't choke me but just feels like it's heavier in the back so pulls a bit. worth it though! :)
This sweater is like a giant hug. i wore it today and received so many compliments.
This is a perfect saturday t shirt for the colder days. great fit; not form fitting with no elastic or rayon, soft cotton with great details. im 5'8 140 ish and the medium fit great. i bought a washed denimy blue in the store but may be coming back for more colors now! the white was to sheer for my taste though
I can never resist a peter pan collar, so i bought this top in the ivory. it's so cute! i wore it for the first time today and received many compliments. it's very comfortable, fits well, and looks expensive. highly recommend it!
This is absolutely adorable and so flattering! i have the patterned shirt, and i just purchased the white one and the orange one because i like it so much. i am 5 ft. 9" and 155 lbs. and the medium fits nicely. hope this helps!
I love this dress. i'm 5'8" and it fits me exactly like the model in the picture. i have slim hips and waist, so that helps. i don't think this would be as flattering on someone curvy. i wish it came in another color i like, i would absolutely buy in another color. i got a medium and it fits like a glove.
I bought this a little ago in the denim color. it has become a favorite so much that i bought another in white.
This is a cool relaxed style with the benefit of an open neckline to add a bit of femininity. i tried on the faded blue and striped colors in the store. the faded blue goes well with the style, but the stripe is cute too. the sleeves are quite long and too tight to roll up, so if you are petite like me you will definitely want to order the petite size- and probably even those you who are in between petites and regular sizes. the sleeves may also be too narrow for some people.
This is a very pretty dress and looks just as it's pictured.  however, there is a lot of fabric - the lower half is very full and runs very large.

I wanted to love this dress. the colors are heavenly and it looks light and airy. it isn't, it is very heavy, much too heavy for florida heat. the top layer is a beautiful sand color and while the fabric is nice, the heaviness of the top really weighs the whole dress down. i felt like it added ten pounds to my appearance, easily. back it went, boo hoo. if you are between sizes, i would size down, runs a bit big.
I was not impressed with this dress online but when i tried it on at the store i fell in love. it's a great summer / fall dress. i love the sweater top and linen bottom. so many compliments on it!
Absolutely in love with this shirt. the neckline is extremely flattering, and the shirt naturally comes away from the body.

I needed a tee refresher, i had a good feeling about this one so ordered all three colors when they were on a promo, and i'm not disappointed. the neckline is different and works great to emphasize your favorite necklace. the tee holds shape after washing and drying. my favorite is the blue which i like to wear with dark wash jeans as styled on the model. the white has a cream tinge to it and i'm able to wear it with a nude bra without looking indecent. there is a cute little button detail at th
The fabric and detailing of this dress is of superior quality, but unfortunately it runs huge-- you definitely need to wear a tank or cami underneath. i am 5'9 145lbs with massive shoulders/smaller bust and i got the xs petite!
I think in general it is just hard to buy a bathing suit online, but i really underestimated the v-neck of this suit. i read the reviews and noted it was not recommended for girls with larger size breast. as i'm basically an a cup, i figured i would be fine. the top portion basically has no coverage or hold. even when tied very tight, the top still opened making me feel exposed and like my entire breast would fall out of the suit. needless to say my fiancã© was not a fan of the suit either. even
I found this sweater to fit me just as pictured. i am 5'8'', 128lbs and ordered a small. it hits length wise the same as pictured and is just as flowy with a lot of fabric. super cute with a grey top, white skinnys and brown leather sandals. love it!

This runs small, i got the size 3 which fits like a medium, not a large. its a bit of an aline shaped knit in a beautiful saturated navy. i loved the elbow length sleeves. i have a large 34g bust and although this fit, it came to the top of my waist and i'm short-waisted. it's a great basic for someone less busty or who likes a shorter length.
This dress is everything. i'm 5'4, athletic build, 36d and the medium fit me perfectly. the colors are really understated and beautiful and can easily be dressed up or down. i wish the elastic around the waist fell a little lower but that's one of those things only i notice and definitely didn't keep me from falling in love and buying it. can't wait to wear it on vacation next week!
I love this cardigan! i ordered the pink and it's a really pretty color. i wish it didn't run so big but xs will be cozy all winter.
I purchased in store to avoid shipping costs. my local stores don't carry xxs, so they are mailing it to me. i usually wear an xs, but it was roomier than i cared for and made it look a bit sloppy on me. this tee is more distressed looking in person than online, as well. i wish it were more refined because the neckline is very feminine & interesting; i would have liked the ability to dress it up more. also, the solid blue and coral are lighter in color than they appear on my monitor. the blue st
Very soft and comfy tee. like the interesting neckline. wish the petite neckline was slightly higher, but sleeves are right length and have great cuffs.
Ordered the xsp (5'4" about 118-120#, athletic build)...this was huge all over. big in the armholes, too much fabric hanging in the skirt (cream fabric) front and back, not flattering at all from the sides and as long on me as it shows on the model. i love the idea of this and for the right body type (of course) this will be beautiful. it also would not be a very versatile piece for me...the top sweater part is quite thick (lovely) and heavy. in oklahoma this would not work for very many weeks..
Love the color, but the fit is just odd and frumpy. the sleeves are shorter than the should be. when i lift my arms, the entire sweater gets lifted. going back.
Yikes!  quite a smell off of this one- like wet/hot wool.  the color was beautiful, but the sweater is enormous!  strange fit under the arms as well.  this one went back the same day.
I love the way this t-shirt fits. the horseshoe opening in front is deep enough to add interest, but not too revealing. will look great with layered, dainty necklaces. the sleeves are nice and long - and i have long arms. the length of the shirt itself could be an inch or two longer, but overall the design is nice. not too tight, not too loose. i'm 5' 5" and 125 lbs - 34c and the small fits me well. fabric is medium weight - could be a little thicker. the brick color is nice and works great with
This sweater tee is made from a fine but substantial knit which hangs beautifully and flows over imperfections in your figure. the cut is very 1950's through the sleeves and neckline. it's a little cropped and boxy, just so that it hides your belly and accentuates your hips. it looks phenomenal with a crinolined a-line skirt.
The blue is a very flattering color. the fit is not. it does not lay in the back like in the photo on the model. instead, there is a lot of fabric that falls in horizontal folds because it does not fall straight because the sides at the bottom are narrower than the mid section. i think i'm going to return it. the neckline is very nice and faltering. the sleeve at the wrist is kind of constricting, though, and long. it doesn't run big at the chest section, just the mid section, then tapers in at
This top has a comfy cozy feel while still being flattering. i especially like the generous neckline--adds a uniqueness to it. great shirt for dressing down, but still feeling feminine. i bought two! my husband always compliments me when i wear it.
I love this sweater. it has quickly become a staple in my wardrobe. i live in minnesota, so a fashionable throw-on-and-go sweater is essential. this sweater fits the bill. i love how soft and warm it is, the cocoon styling adds a fashionable element while the acrylic/nylon/wool material keep it functional (warm and cozy). i love anything with pockets, which this has. i somewhat disagree with the other reviewers who say this runs small or short. i did not find that to be true for me, and i ordere
Can be a bit itchy sometimes, i guess depending on your skin. haven't had a problem with the sweater up to now!
This dress is perfect. i'm literally wearing it right now. it's crazy comfortable while still being flattering. it looks and feels high quality, and just barely doesn't hit the floor. it makes me feel like a goddess. plenty of room in the bust area, even for me (36dd), and doesn't show bra straps or underwear. highly recommended!

"I had tried this on in the beige & loved it but could not find it in my size so i got it in the pink.
did not look at good as the beige."
I love retailer and fell in love as soon as i saw this dress online. being 5'10" i love a quality maxi dress and this one did not disappoint. however, being 5'10" also means the top sweater overlay hits me way short. it looks ridiculous. i also thought that this was very heavy for a maxi dress and could not imagine wearing it in 80 degree weather. unfortunately after waiting so long for it's arrival this is going back.
I love this shirt. it would be a fairly basic tee but the neckline makes it fun. it's very soft and comfortable. i bought the white with blue pattern and will probably purchase additional colors.
I love this shirt. the neckline is flattering and the overall feel is very comfy.

I wasn't going to purchase this dress because it was given 1 star. however, i ordered it and i was so glad i did!!! i'm 5'1, 105lbs this dress fit me perfectly, it really compliment my petite body. i get so much compliments! it is not easy to order anything for a petite frame but this dress really show off my body without showing too much.
I tried this on in the store and had to have it. this is the kind of sweater that you just want to cozy up with on a nice fall or winter day with a cup of coffee in hand. i love the neutral pink color as it will go with everything. i'm a dress and skirt girl and this will go well with those items. it will cover your bum and i love the dolman sleeves. i highly recommend it!!
Bought this today - cant speak to wear - but overall design is so incredibly cute and flattering. i am usually a small or medium, but went with a medium. so different and wearable! white is sheer so opted for a denimy blue color that i dont see listed available online.
The sweater is cute, but scratchy.
It was cute. i didn't keep it because it wasn't soft and hung a bit different than pictured. i thought it would be softer material. it was itchy
"I am on the fence about this dress, as you'll see the reasons below, but it is really breathable fabric and extremely comfortable!
_________
pros:
- tons of stretch to the top part. i'm a 36c, so a lot of retailer tops are too snug for women with some bust. however, i fit into a medium here without it being too snug. you could actually go down or up depending on how loose or tight you'd like it to be on you.
- the bottom half, the skirt, feels so nice on the skin. very breezy. it is layered an"
I love these tights so much i almost want to buy another few pair and save them for when these wear out. the lining is like clouds on your calves. they're thick enough that you don't need to be totally covered by a tunic but slim enough that they don't add bulk. love, love them!
I am a curvy woman and leggings are new to my world. i am sorry that i did not discover these leggings sooner because they are lovely. they are comfortable and cozy with a great fit. i am 150 lbs and 5'7 and the m/l fit perfectly. i have the black and plum colors. great purchase!
"I was so in love with this dress when i saw it in the store but so disappointed when i put it on. i am 5'10"" with curves and usually buy a large in dresses. this dress looked like a sack on me. the top was way too big and loose making the dress a boxy cut rather than a maxi cut like i was expecting. the dress is lovely to look at on the hanger and feels good on but i don't think it flatters hourglass figures. it was the right length for me unlike many other reviewers. 
obviously, based off the"
This is huge. i understand that's the style, but it looked like i was wearing my husband's size xxl. i tried to imagine a really cold day when all that extra fabric would be nice... but then it started to itch, and itch and itch!
The fit is not as shown on the website. will be returning.
The detail on this dress is lovely -- it's unusual and well-made from soft fabric. it is big though -- i would usually wear a medium and ordered a petite small. to give you a sense of how large it is, i am currently 33 weeks pregnant, and bought this to wear after the pregnancy. i can actually get it on now, over the considerable baby bump. it doesn't look good, but i can in fact get it on. hoping it won't be way too large post-pregnancy, but it seems to fit fine in the shoulders now. definitely
I saw the cream color in size regular small in the "only one left" section at my local store. i had my heart set on this dress all summer but it was sold out, so i was super excited to see it. the color is true cream, like linen color. i was surprised that the dress is very heavy, as heavy as a medium sized coat. i can't understand why it's so heavy because the top is sleeveless and the dress part is pretty sheer. the dress is about 2" pass my feet which i wouldn't mind having it hemmed, but the
There's are just what i was looking for! these are perfect in texture and thickness...not too thick but not too thin. super soft fleece on the inside. i both both the black and green...i will most likely but the grey soon enough.
I am floored by the amount of positive reviews on this dress! when i received it, it looked nothing like it does on the model. the bottom looked like dirty sand and was completely wrinkled. if you have anything above a c cup, the top looks completely unflattering. i looked so top heavy in this dress! definitely not worth the price. so disappointed.
Adorable, comfortable dress. the denim is super soft with a bit of stretch. please be advised this dress runs very large, especially through the hips. i normally wear a size 12 and the large was swimming on me. i will definitely be exchanging it for a smaller size.
This didn't work for me. im normally a m (8/10). got this in xs. that was the correct size for me, i believe. however, the armholes were huge. husband said the top of the dress looked like the autobots symbol from transformers and he wanted me to keep it. but, i sent it back.
I am long waisted and 5' 120 lbs. 34c. that being said, i purchased a size s regular and it fit perfectly. a petite would have been far too short. so i would recommend a regular size if you're a petite. also i have a big chest and this was very flattering. because of my chest size i usually do best with a v neck, but this classic peter pan collar looks great! i purchased the black. i agree with one of the reviewers who said that the nude color looked like a mess of a weave. the black and white o
This is a bit pricey, but it's the most beautiful sweater that i own. it fits beautifully, and the material is soft, not itchy, which is important for a sweater with a cowl neck. the cowl sits beautifully, no matter how you "fold" it. and, the pattern both at the neck and the bottom is vibrant and bright, and is just lovely. i ordered a small and it covers my butt, which is perfect for leggings, or even with tights and boots. it's not shapeless, but seems to graze your thighs, and has a mild tur
This product i better than the pic. nice fit and a nice throw on with boots nap glad i took a chance one it
"I bought this a month ago and returned it. but kept thinking about it so ordered it. it arrived on wed and i wore it on thursday as a dress with tights. i got so many compliments on it. it was perfect for the cool weather and was not too warm.

this knitter thinks the quality of the jacquard knit is excellent. yarn used is top notch."
I just received this in the mail today. first of all there was no slip included and the fabric is totally sheer. the description says "viscose lining" so i assume there was a slip and from the picture it looks like it was a beige color. second of all, it was obviously sent from a store where they lost the slip and it was squished into the smallest possible retailer envelope. the fabric is beautiful but the dress is humongous like the previous reviewers said. i ordered a size smaller than us
I am six feet tall so this will definitely be a tunic with jeans or leggings but if you are shorter it could easily be a dress. lovely pattern with soft cozy fabric. nice weight and hangs well. definitely a keeper!
I was so excited to order this sweater but was so disappointed when it came. the knit is somewhat stiff and the sleeves are not as bell shaped as pictured on the model. overall i would of kept it if it were much less money, for the price it is just an ordinary sweater with no style.
After reading the reviews i decided to give this a try, but it just didn't work on me. i'm 5'8, smaller on top, and usually wear m in retailer sizes. this was ok in the shoulder and arm area but a little too snug for me in the hips. also, the diagonal striping made my boobs disappear and the pattern at the bottom emphasized my tummy and rear. not exactly the look i was going for. back it goes.
I loved this in the store, but had to order my size. it is true to size - a great length - but the material is very thin and very sheer. i don't think it will carry over into fall - it is more of a summer weight fabric. it is also a little pricey for that same reason - still - its a great basic and i will keep my eye out for it to go on sale.
I absolutely love this sweater! first of all, it's extremely comfortable. i have been wearing it around the house all day and have no desire to take it off. it's cute as a casual around the house top, but also adorable dressed up with jeans and boots. it drapes beautifully for an effortless chic look. the color is pretty close to the photo and very nice in person. the possibilities are endless for colors to accessorize and match with. this sweater is definitely cropped in length, which i normall
Haha, the unifying theme in these reviews seems to be don't trust the picture! i was misled by the neckline, i thought i saw a structured kind of asian-inspired mockneck/funnel thing and instead the top has a foldover cowl which, with my full bust underneath it, refuses to pose as a mockneck for me. overall there isn't much structure here at all. but the print is beautiful and the sweater cozy without being itchy.
Love the shape and cut of this top but it is so sheer you could see my belly button through it. if it was a dark color i would buy it. wore my regular size small. i'm 5'5"130lbs  and 32dd.
Has quickly become one of my 'go to' tops. comfortable, cute, looks just like the picture.
It is the perfect top to wear in the summer, it is nice and you can be somewhat dressy or super casual. i don't like anything too tight around my stomach and this has a nice flow with just the right amount of material.
This is a beautiful tunic. i wanted it to work so much but i couldn't get past the itch factor. also, the sleeves were shorter than i expected. when i wore a light tee underneath, it didn't move well and looked bulky so sadly it went back to the store. if the material doesn't bother you, buy this. would look great w/ tights/leggings and boots.
I saw this dress in the window at the portland store, and had to try it on. i was a bit horrified at how huge it was once i got it on--sort of like wearing a tent. no shape at all. one of the awesome dressing room attendants brought me a belt, and suddenly it was the most beautiful dress i've ever had on. it's romantic, elegant, feminine... the fabric is so lovely and the flowy sleeves with the lower scooped back just look fantastic. i can't say enough about how amazing it makes me feel. i wore
I ordered size large and find it too boxy and long. love the hem, although the top is too long in this size so it's a bit hard to judge how it'll look in the right size. the sleeves are cute and different, a bit wide and flowing. be warned, it's sheer which is more apparent from the side view. i could clearly see the garment cleaning instruction tag through the bottom side hem. has potential but not enough for me to reorder in a smaller size.
This sweater was a big let down. i am 5'2" so i ordered it in a petite. it was so short that if i lifted my arms, you'd see my bra!! there is no way i could wear it without something under it- even with high waisted bottoms. and the bell sleeves look nothing like the pic. the entire sleeve is just wide, and it continues with little increase into the cuff. it is just short and boxy. it is going back for sure.
"I was excited to see this top in person, but once i got a close up look at it (and also tried it on) i was disappointed. first, the color is much more persimmon orangey in person and that's a hard color to pull off for a lot of people. it just pulls any pink or red in your skin and highlights it. 

second, the top was poorly finished. i had to pick up two to try on because the lace was wonky across the front of the first one i grabbed. so much so that the lace was puckered because it had been"
Love this blouse! the top is true to size...i'm generally a m and decided to try a pl which fit great. the pm was just a bit snug...looked fine but i felt a little constricted in the bust area and thought the pl was better for me. i'm 5'1" for reference and curvier on top than on bottom. i wore a nude bra when trying on and it totally worked with this blouse. the lace detail is a bit sheer in some parts near the bust line but nothing too inappropriate. i can't wait to wear it down to dinner for
This is a beautiful and fashionable blouse. it feels good on as it is made of viscose, it is pretty and feminine. color is great, of course it needs to be your color. i love it and recommend it!!

I fell in love with this top when i tried it on at the store. it's a great fall piece. it is see-through around the bust, so a nude bra or any color camisole would have to be worn. my only thing is that it seems a little dressy, so i'm wondering how much i'll wear it. i work from home so everything has to be somewhat casual. so, i do recommend it, but i'm undecided as to if i'm going to keep it. for reference, i'm a 34d with a thin upper body and took a size medium.
"This dress is light, airy easy and comfortable to wear. i love the colors and pattern. it looks wonderful with or without a belt. i sized down from a 6 to a 4. i position the front of the dress material closer to the neck so it flows longer at the back. although i am a size 6 the under slip fits perfectly in a size 4. i prefer the dress without a belt but it also looks good with a belt or a jacket or long cardigan. 
this dress is a keeper!"
Very attractive and easy to wear. i wore it the night it arrived and wore it again the next night! i love the colors, the pattern and design. this is a stylish tunic sweater. the sleeves are not full length, which i prefer. the sweater is dense - the weave is tight, making the sweater quite warm, but not too warm.
Great tank to wear to work or a night out. fits true to size.
"Stylist at my local retailer recommended i try on this top. as soon as i put it on, i was amazed at how pretty it is. i'm 5'3"" and curvy size medium and the fit is true to size. i would say if you are between sizes, you may want to size down. i didn't have any issues with the lace and the slight v-neck falls perfectly on me. no need to wear any cami. 
my only concern was how wrinkled the top was. i requested to have the blouse steamed before i left the store so that i could see if all of the wrin"
Not only a beautiful knit but can be worn as both tunic and dress on my short frame. it does not look like a sack tent when worn. very soft and flattering. collar is styled well and can be shaped different ways. pattern and color combo is the similar to the exquisite eira dress. i am 5'3" and i chose the regular over petite. i only wish the sleeves were longer.
As others have said, this is even prettier in person. beautifully made, colors are really pretty. it's unique and special. in sweaters i go between sizes small and medium, depending on the cut. i went with the small here because the medium had a bit too much fabric around the hips where i don't need it. it doesn't run large, it's just that i wanted it to be closer fit as i'll wear it with skinny jeans or leggings.

I wanted to love this. however, the fit was funky and the colors were muted. this is definitely something you must try on in the store. too risky to buy online due to weird fit.
Ladies this top shrinks!!! i am very disappointed, i was in love with this top and the first time i washed it it shrunk a significant amount. i did not use a dryer, i laid this piece out to dry as i do with the majority of my knit tops and it shrunk. it is a lot shorter and much tighter, especially in my arms. if you love this top i might suggest buying a size up and washing it to fit.
I bought this in black. it's a great long length. i have long arms so the sleeve length is great. it's really soft. only issue is seems to sag a little in the middle instead of being flowy. overall a good tunic.
I love this top! the sizing was great, and i have already worn it so many times, and received so many compliments! it is great to dress up or down! such a great purchase!
Purchased in the blue. the color is a little darker than it shows. more of a slate blue. loved the fit. i am tall so it covered perfectly.
"Very slimming, lovely dress.
a nice addition to your fall/ winter wardrobe.
the embroidery is lovely, fabric soft and comfortable. sized perfectly. 
so happy with this beautiful black dress!!!"
New fav lbd. i am 5 months postpartum and this dress makes me feel like my old self again. it fits right above the waist, with a bow to cinch the waist. love the fit and flare. the top is warm, great for a cold evening out. and the taffeta really dresses it up. love
This sweater looks soft and flowy on the model, but in the store it is rather stiff lace in the back and very plain in the front. i did not like the ribbing on the front bottom of the sweater because it pulled in places and didn't lie flat. way too expensive for what you are getting.
Again, bought this while wearing my retailer colored glasses. i loved the flowiness and color of the dark pink, and was convinced in the dressing room that this top made me look like a chic goddess, mid-vacation on the amalfi coast. i tried it on at home, and it straight up looked like i was wearing a maternity top. since i'm not with child, this one's going back!
I love the back detail but doesn't feel that comfortable on. i bought in green. it's fitted so get size larger if you plan to layer up. i'm 107 and bought xs size. i should have ordered the s.
I was on the fence about this jumpsuit at first.  i feel the pockets in the back are a little high on my bum.  kind of an unnatural placement.  i sized up so it wasn't so tight fitting at the waist and hips so it made the placement of the back pockets a little better.
Great for layering and staying warm in the winter. definitely stay on the larger size, the fabric has very little give but is comfortable.
This shirt is not a good look for a gal with hips. the fit at the top is tight (i ordered a small) but there is so much material at the bottom and if you are a little taller (i am 5'7), it hits at a place that is not flattering. i was hoping for something that hung straight down and would be good with leggings. this is not it...also the material is a little stiffer then i was expecting.
Way to v necked- other than that would be a nice go to top. needs a cami.
After reading the reviews, i was hesitant to purchase, but glad i did. i'm usually an xs or s depending on the brand, but i got this in a xxs. it fits perfectly and is so cute. does not look like a bathrobe at all. i love it because it's almost like a cardigan blazer...looks like a blazer but feels like a cardigan!
I tried this tunic on in my local retailer store. they do not carry petites, so i tried on a regular small (i'm 5'2", 130lb). the proportions were a bit off. the v-neck fell way too low and there was extra material puckering across the bodice. i definitely think a petite would work better for my height. alas, no petites in-store or online in the color(s) i would purchase. i didn't find the shirt too thin, as some have commented. it's essentially a midweight t-shirt material (but rayon, so beware o
"Comfortable,t eh fabric is very soft. the embroidery adds a little to the otherwise plain black tunic. lace up neck on trend too. 

i ordered the xxs p, as it is likely loose... that was just fine for me, xs p would have been not as flattering. theo nly problem with that is the sleeves then became a little more snug (workout arms). not too snug that i can't wear the dress, but decided not to keep it only because there are way too many things i like at retailer! (and have to pick). in my wish lis"
I do think the fabric could be a little more substantial for the price, and was disappoitned that even petites, were again, too long... the color is nice enough (neutral), and they definitely look like work pants. they are true to sice, but i could do the low end of my size range.
I bought this in black and it did require me to wear a shirt underneath as it was a little sheer/see through. i usually wear an xs and i wore the same in this top. the black is very pretty and goes well with some skinny jeans.
After seeing this on anthto's facebook page i was so excited to order. i ended up going to a store and trying on. i couldn't believe it was the same shirts when i first saw it. i thought this ran quite big. and the shape was odd. lots of material in the middle. i am a mom of 3 young kids and didn't want people to think #4 was on the way.
I ordered this sweater in black and thought it was a pretty design and something different in a cardigan. when i tried it on, it was an odd fit and very boxy and unflattering. i wanted to like it and keep it, but i knew i would not wear it so, unfortunately, it went back.
I ordered the green, black and ivory because i thought they were so cute. the sweater is short but still cute. the ivory one i will return though. it has sparkle that's not noticeable in the online picture plus when it arrived it had a huge snag in the fabric. i'm actually quite surprised they sent it to me in such poor condition.
I ordered the pink in size xl. the color was pretty. the problem is the material was too thin and tight. it ran at least a size smaller than shown in the photos online.
I ordered the in the emerald green and it was sent to me with a dime size hole in the sleeve. i am very disappointed, because i love the sweater. by the time it arrived, it was sold out in my size. now, i cannot exchange it for one that is not damaged. if the sweater was not damaged, i would recommend this product.
This is a very pretty sweater, a bit boxy and short but cute. i am 5'1" and ordered the regular xs in black. the thing i did not like about this sweater was the gold thread through the back lace. i would have kept this if it was plain black lace. just did not like that look.
I was obsessed with this dress from the moment i saw it online and was so excited to buy it for my company christmas party. i'm 5'4", 36c, 145lbs and i ordered a 6. the size was great but the whole cut of the dress was completely off for me. i have a fairly short torso but the top portion of the dress (which is a sweater-like material) hit me far too low on my waist to be flattering; the petite may have fixed it, but then the skirt would've been too short. the pleats were cute but flared out too
This tunic is very pretty in black. it is lighter weight than the picture appears and drapes nicely. i'm 5'2 so i ordered the petite, but would have been ok with the extra length of the regular for when worn with leggings, with jeans the petite length will work well. i recommend using the size chart provided. i general wear an xs, but ordered the s, based on the size chart, it's a perfect fit.
Great, special cardigan. fits like a shrug and a little short but is perfect over a tight fitting sheath. great for broad shoulders.
Cute cute. simple tank with a little something to add interest.
This sweater is a cute design but did not work for me. i am 5'9" and this is way to short/cropped and looks awkward. the quality was so so, it looked stretched out in the front. it's getting returned.
"Beautiful top, loved the color but shoulders were totally messed up and not sure if it was from
hanging at store or the way it was sewn."
I ordered this in two colors, in my regular size. i washed and laid flat to dry....it shrunk like crazy. i held the one i washed up to the other unworn/unwashed one and it was at least two inches shorter. they may both be going back. i am so sad.
I purchased this top in blue and liked it so i ordered the red color. i hated the way the second one fit. i'm concerned the blue will not wear well after seeing the way the second one looked!
It is so simple but elegant and beautiful! i am 5'3 and 120 lb and extra small fits me perfectly
I love this shirtdress. the lace and collar design pops off the black. super comfortable and love that it has pockets! a keeper, this one not going back ever. i am 5'9 and 140 lbs and the 6 fits perfect. the length comes above my knee, so most likely i will be wearing tights or skinny's underneath.
This cardigan is nice and the lace at the back is pretty. just be aware that it's definitely a cropped length, which is good for wearing over a dress that you don't want to cover up too much. size up if you want room to layer. the one i tried on at the store had the top button almost falling off, so i didn't buy it.
You guys, i love this so much! however, within one hour of wearing it, the back seam completely ripped. it fit me perfectly... sadly i&#39;ll have to return the damaged item. really sad it&#39;s all sold out too!
I love the soft, slouchy feel of this draped yet constructed jacket. don't expect a crisp fit. i'm not a fan of the menswear look so this jacket is the boho answer to a classic blazer. the one-button closure is easy to wear; the hem curves for a more feminine look. i hesitated before ordering (hoping it would turn up at my local retailer). by the time i was ready to order, the green version had sold out. as it turns out, the copper is even better. it was 86 degrees today, but i wore it anyway!
Love this shirt with leggings. if you are in between sizes- size down
Unusual color. expensive even on sale.
I am 5'4" 140 pounds and ordered the 8 petite. it fits perfectly and is very flattering. the embroidery and lace up neckline thing is really awesome. it gives the dress some character... i am also a fan of the roll-up sleeves. i wish it came in other colors because i would certainly order more than one. the one and only potentially negative aspect, and i say potential because i'm not sure if its an issue or not as i haven't worn/washed it yet is it appears to be something that i may have to iron
Oh elevenses, i love your pants..the fabrics, the details, the length. i've found elevenses to be classic work pants. reliable, professional, well made. these are none of those things. the cardinal trousers are thin and the rise feels much higher that's it appears in the picture. the red pair are thin, stretchy and cheap. both pairs have to go back. i'm truly sad.
I can understand the concerns of another reviewer about shrinkage. i have a few retailer tops made of similar fabric and they have shrunk a bit. this too fits very well, but once i wash it, it will likely get a bit smaller. i ordered a small, but plan to size up to a medium. for ref. 32ddd bust, and the small fit perfectly with a camo underneath...the shoulders seem to be cut small. so if you are busty like me, size up.
The lokka tunic is a perfect go-to top for casual days or nights! pair it with skinny jeans or leggings and you are set! the long sleeves are fitted and long-so they can be bunched at the wrist. i ordered it in both the black and the the pale grey/blue shade. it is a winner.
I got two of these when they went on sale because i hate paying $68 for a basic top like this.. but for the sale price they are great! comfortable, lightweight, and flattering. the black is a little sheer, but nothing a tank underneath can't solve. a good buy!
I bought this in my usual medium and it fits great (fitted at the shoulder, loose below). it looks great with skinny jeans and can be worn casually or dressed up with accessories.
Ordered this dress online and wasn't sure about the criss-cross neckline feature but i love it! it's absolutely adorable and unbelievably comfortable. the fabric is very soft and lays nicely without feeling too "baggy" or frumpy. the embroidery is beautiful. i'm wearing it to a fall event in october and pairing it with my favorite cowboy boots, but it would also look great with flats, heels or booties. totally in love with this dress!
I was not shopping for a dress and somehow came home with this. in person the material and embroidery are just so stunning that i found myself picking it up. i was sold after trying it on. the material is very soft, both feels and looks extremely high quality. and for a basic shirtdress, it is amazingly flattering. follows curves without clinging to them. i'm 5'4", 123 lbs, usually wear a small in tops/dresses & purchased the size 4, which fit perfectly. i'm slightly chesty (34d) so sometimes ha
Love this dress! it is super-flattering, and the embroidery is beautiful.
I am going to disagree with reviewers who say this runs small. i found it very short and wide. that being said, it is meant to be cropped. i ordered a size small and it fit perfectly, albeit a little short. for reference, i am usually a size 6/medium in retailer shirts and dresses.
Beautiful sweater but the material is a bit thinner than i was expecting. but it hangs nicely and the sleeves are nice and long!
"Absolutely gorgeous skirt! so feminine and curve hugging. wish i hadn't found this so late! want it in every imaginable color, but i will settle for the off white.

please bring this style back!"
Love the design and the gold color, but the seams between knit and lace were a little weird and bunched/weren't smooth. maybe the one i tried on just needed to be ironed or something...
Great style!
"This top is great - lightweight and flattering.
i can wear it to work with skinny white pants or to the grocery store with jeans. 
i purchased another color because i love the first i got so much."
Can be dressed up or down. the top part is tight, while the bottom has a beautiful skirt. i'm slightly busty and about 5'6" and the size 6 is perfect for me.
The fabric is beautiful, even the lining is lovely. i ordered the green color in a large, as i'm curvy and have long arms. but it just doesn't lay correctly at all - the collar has no structure, even though it's a lapel, and the side vents just pop out - the jacket added about 10lbs, and just looked frumpy. it looks much more tailored on the model. too bad, as i have been looking for a velvet blazer in the color for a long time.
Love this shirt! i bought the light blue color and its amazing, fits well i love that its long in the back. very comfortable and loose. thinking of buying it in both pinks.
Great material. a bit loose in the middle / lower half. doesn't belt well. it could be 3" shorter, considering alterations. i'm 5'7" the model is 5'10", so yeah 3" shorter would be cute!
Love this cardigan. fits just as i expected. very structured in the front with a bit of flair in the back.
I loved the cut of these pants and the button accent on the pockets. however, the material was quite thin and the quality was not great- there were multiple snags along the seams. additionally, at 5'8, 130lbs i was swimming in the size 4. i would have tried sizing down if the quality was better.
This is a pretty sweater. i ordered the red and it is a plum color, not close to red, but it will work well with black, gray and denim. i found the sweater looks boxy from the front but the back is spectacular. it is very well made. no raw edges or seams that are threatening to unravel. this will be nice for casual holiday dressing. i found a longer tank in white works well under this.
This is silly, but the moss is not brown as pictured but olive green. with that "said," i am going more casual, and i love the "flex" of this coat. the shape is beautiful and the lining is fun. i waited two months to get this in close to my size 00. for my style it is a keeper, but this back order situation is not acceptable. don't know whose fault that is?
I bought this tunic in black and am seriously considering buying it in more colors. it is so comfortable and very flattering. i am 5'11", so many tunics are more like shirts on me, but this one is the perfect length to wear with leggings or pants. the v neck is a nice, feminine touch and i love the change in material around the edges.
I am 5 feet and 120. i ordered a petite small in moss. i have posted a photo below. it's a pretty green. the lining is pretty. the reason i deducted a star is because the lining is very thin and "slips" a little when putting the jacket on. but it doesn't effect the way the jacket falls and i wear it comfortably. it's floppy, but not sloppy. i was surprised that each side the fabric is like a tulip. it was a nice surprise. i'm curvy and busty. i have zero problem with it being unflattering. the s
I ordered this shirt to wear with a pair of pants that i had to return - which is one reason the top went back as well. it really is cute and i like the exaggerated key hole in the back. i certainly could have found other things to pair with this top, but it came down to the price. i just didn't think it said $118. hopefully its still around when it goes on sale. its very cute. fits true to size.
These leggings are soft, comfortable and go with everything. love the way they feel.
"Why is it so difficult to find a shirt that doesn't expose half of my bra if i lift my arm? 

this is cute (beyond the arm hole issue) but overpriced. going back."
I wanted these culottes to work so much! the fabric is gorgeous, but the size i ordered didn't fit. i'm normally a size 28 in pants, and i ordered a size 8. it was way too tight and made me look like i had a pooch in the zipper area. not what i wanted it to be. had to return them unfortunately.
This dress is most definitely not a maxi! barely goes below the knees. also you do not get the cute detail shown on bodice. there are no folds which were an added plus on picture. waist is higher, not at natural waist. very pretty silk though and still cute. just not as pictured.
I just adore this top! it is so comfy and stylish. i wear it with a little purple cardigan and feel like an iris in bloom. like other reviewers have mentioned though, the straps are way too long. i had to cut them down and re-sew to make it wearable. before that it just slouched in front and looked sloppy and awful. i tried layering under it, which looked absurd.
I read the reviews prior to purchasing but loved the pattern so much i had to have it. i was not disappointed however, had i not read the reviews i would have been. it is true the top of the dress is flat and does not have the detail as shown on the model. it also appears to be disproportionate. i am 5'1 and curvy the bottom fits well but the top is large however rectified by wearing a padded bra. since i ordered the petite i was surprised the dress was above the ankle (usually their items are l
This is more beautiful in person. i love the detail and color. i usually don't like ponchos but this one's shape with the square front definitely sets this apart.
I rarely write reviews but had to comment on these pants. these pilcro pants are my favorite for the fall and winter. they fit beautifully and are a great alternative to jeans. the pants are so comfortable and flattering. love the print and they are so versatile as they can be worn as very casual pants and can be dressed up. i am in my 60's and am always looking for clothes that are stylish without being too young looking for a woman my age. retailer is my favorite store!
Ditto what the first reviewer said, unfortunately. i was so looking forward to receiving this dress but the one received is not the one in the photos. the graphics are fantastic - still love the boats- but the top is not the same and they've added a fabric belt to the finished dress. the fit was perfect except for gapping under the arms (similar, i suspect, to what the first reviewer reported). i was also surprised by the fabric. based on the photos i was expecting something light and semi trans
I ordered these in both the grey and moss, and i love both. they are very soft, very easy, loose fitting casual shorts. i wear them a bit lower on my waist than pictured, so they hit lower on my leg than on the model, which i prefer in these. i am 5'3, 105 lbs, ordered xs. the dark grey ones feel more versatile, like you could throw on anything with them and go. the moss look cute with white/cream summery tops. they washed well (machine, cold, laid flat to dry), touched up with light steam from
These culottes are adorable on....if you order up two whole sizes! they run extremely small. fabric is thick, high quality and a beautiful color.
Quality is fantastic but i feel like a 14 would have barely made it's way around one leg! this pant is way small in terms of sizing and not a style fit for anyone over a 6. a lot of fabric in the legs. nice pant but not for this girl!
Love these pants. corduroy leggings that fit like a skinny pant. comfortable. not too stretchy. maintains shape, even with multiple wears between cleaning. pairs nicely with black, neutral, or buttery yellow tops. fun print. received compliments first time i wore them. sizing is just right also. i'm 5'3. usually wear 26 in denim but have to go up a size for super skinny so i ordered a 27p which fits me just fine.
"Skirt in med fit fine, cute,lightweight, swingy, flirty, fun, almost knee length
i am typically a 10-12
but the pattern which swings up, across, and down made me look wide in the hips as opposed to other clothes i own already
more petite, less curvy girls enjoy!
its going back,sorry!"
Got the small petite. length is perfect, love the color, super comfy, very pretty. the problem is that you cannot wear a bra because under the armpits is so low that either shows your bra (a lot) or if u wear sans bra you may show your breasts (it's loose all around on top, so very easy to show everything. if i adjust the straps it works but then the waist goes up and it looks like i have a belly. i'm taking to a seamstress to see if she can take in under armpits, if not it's going back. i'm 5',
These run small (i am 110 and got a size 4), they were a tad tight on top. the waist fit but felt a little too snug, short from waist to crotch and then bloomed out in a nice but stiff ish material. they are a dark blue animal print. i felt like bozo the clown goes to the jungle. they looked so silly i had to laugh. even with the 20% off, these are going back. not even comfortable to lounge around the house in never mind being seen by anyone in person!
These cords are seriously fantastic. worth the price indeed. they are very comfy, have a lot of stretch but do not loose shape! the fun yet muted color design allows an average outfit to have a fun pop. they do run big, i got a 26 and i'm usually a 27. they are also very long! nothing a little trip to tailors can't fix. overall, highly recommended.
I loved the photo of this dress. upon examination of the dress (and trying it on) after receiving in the mail, the dress shown online is nothing like the dress i received save for the pattern. the dress i received has a side zip as well as a belt and no pleats on the top. the bottom is also cut straight across not as it appears in the photo. turns out it is not as flattering as it should appear.
Beautiful pajama bottoms. i purchased these as a special treat for myself. luckily, i found a review on another site, stating that these run small, before pirchasing. no one wants tight pjs. order a size up! also, i'm 5'8" tall and the length is just right. if you are taller, you may find this style too short. i haven't ordered the top, because i'm not sure of the fit, but i'm guessing it also runs small, based on the photo.
I bought this top in my usual size in a small. i'm a 34 d 26 waist. i absolutely love it. i pair it with a red cardigan. very cute.


I love this sweater combo! as a larger woman, i am always looking for flattering tops. the draping in front covers all the right areas! i wish they made them in more colors!
I did not realize that this knitted vest had an attached gauzy under-layer. i can see it now in the photo, but i just thought it wasn't part of the actual vest. when the vest arrived i realized sadly that this flowing under-layer was part of the design. i don't know why because the yarn and vest are lovely without it. in my opinion, the under-layer takes away from the beautiful vest. i guess i could have spent some time and removed it, but at that price i just sent it back. too bad because the m
This is a perfect fit! i was worried that it would be too short and or boxy. i usually  wear an xs. i have a slightly longer waist though and often xs tops run short or they are overwhelming! this was perfect! it is roomy and long enough without swallowing my frame. it looks nice enough to dress up and wear out and about. great value at the sale price as well!! it is well made and doesn't just look like a run of the mill pullover.
I like the skirt. that said it is going to the tailor to have some of the fullness taken out. just a lot of material going on, and heavier than you might have imagined. i will wear it fall & winter with white & navy cardigans.
"I think this may almost make it back to the more classic pieces retailer used to have. i tried on the xs in store so i ordered the xxs and xs petite... i felt the usual xs was a little big (again, i think retailer is making things bigger...) my verdict is iliked the length on the regular size better and the xxs fit well. but not much difference (the xs petite was a similar size be the arm hole was higher).
colors are very neutral and warm. i like the addition of the inner layer to make this more wh"
I ordered these in my usual pilcro petite size 6. they were impossible to button, which is interesting 'cause i also ordered the pilcro wide leg chinos in the same size and they fit perfectly, as usual. but it ended up being ok because i don't care for the speckled, slightly rough material or the contrasting piping. back they go!
When i saw this online, i thought it was going to be a thin, summery kind of skirt with a fall pattern to it. it is not thin and wispy, but lined with a nicely weighted navy material and the fabric of the skirt is kind of a thick cotton with a nice swing to it. definitely would work for the fall and cool days or evenings. the zipper pockets look cool too, would definitely recommend!
I was excited to see these jeans since they came in petite sizes and had a short inseam... unfortunately after ordering/returning several pairs, i found out that these are actually not petite jeans. please beware that if you are ordering these for the shorter inseam, they are actually 28 in... not 24 in as in the description. other than the inseam issues, they fit like typical paige denim.
This top is super cute, however the bottom hem is all frayed....couldn't really tell that from the pictures. the "flutter" sleeves are too big...looks funny with the fraying...runs a little large as well. loved the color! perfect with white denim!
I was looking for a shirt of this style. i thought it was very cute, but it is not "red' as advertised. it is really a brick orange-y color, which is definitely not what i wanted. very disappointed. sent it right back.
These lightweight, wide leg pilcro summer jeans are really cute, but did not look good on me. i love the fabric-a slightly 'nubby' no stretch chambray that is perfect for hot weather. the waist was a bit large and there was fabric to spare in the hip area. the legs are very wide, adding to the comfort factor of these! the details are really cute-contrasting fabric at the slash front and rear pockets. i got a size ten in these and they were big-i can imagine they will stretch out with wear so it
This is a great skirt that could be worn to a wedding or worn more casually with a cool tshirt. it is not too puffy and the inner skirt is stretchy and more fitted. i had to size 1 size down. really nice.
Wow, i can't believe there were some sizes left at my local store. it was on sale and i maxed out with additional discount for black friday week-end. the size 6 fit perfect and i can't wait to wear. this is a gorgeous skirt and will sell out for sure.
"I love the fabric, since it's fall wasn't expecting it to be light. but its not heavy either. just the right balance.
this is one of those classics. i love the collage like pattern of the fabric.
the fit is true to size and looks great with bootie/boots. (dressed up or down)."
This is one of those 'i need one in every color' kind of shirts. need - not simply want. it is very well constructed. the fabric is the perfect weight and is sooooooo comfortable. the raspberry is a little more dusty rose than pictured online, but it works. i've only had the shirt a couple of day. in addition to wanting to wear it every day, the fabric has not pilled. i'm short-waisted, and i have not had any issue with the high-low hem or cropped length.
I really like this skirt - so colorful! the interesting pattern and multiple colors will make this a great fall skirt. i can wear it with pink, burgundy, gray, white, black, and probably many more. can't wait for the temps to drop!
This was on display when walked into my local retailer, it's just a beautiful in person. my mistake was trying it on, instant love! i tried on my usual size small & it fit perfectly. i would usually wait for something in this price range to go on sale, but i just had to have this. worth the splurge!
These are the best fitting jeans i've ever owned! no puckering near the crotch, and i don't need to have the waistband taken in. they probably run small.
This dress is so beautiful, the color is even more vibrant in person, a stunning emerald green. it is well made and doesn't go too low under your arm, which sometimes happens with halters. the halter material is a thicker band that gives nice support. the skirt does a little poof near your hips at the top, look at the back view photo online, you can see it there. at first i was surprised by it because i didn't see that on the front view, but then i decided it was fun and flirty. i received numer
These pants are perfect!!! they are exactly what i was looking for, and worth every penny! the fabric is more lightweight than any other sort of denim, but still i think i could wear these any season. they look so cute with simple heels and a classic blouse, but they can be dressed down with nice sneakers and a plain white t! so excited to have these in my closet!! love a good pair of fun pants.
Too big and it's not secure enough to wear for swimming.
I received this skirt today and was very disappointed. i don't know what i expected but it is not as i thought. even though the quality is very good and the fit is true to size, i may return it. the fabric of the skirt is just too busy, at least for me. i am just uncertain and even though i have many tops, the colors are just not matching. white looks better than any colored top with this particular print. i am going to try it on one more time and make a definite decision.
This top will be perfect for autumn and even winter down in the southeast. i purchased the "red" and hoped that it was more of a rust color-lucked in! the material is very soft and more on the thinner side for layering-which is alway a plus. i have spare tires in my belly area and this does not grab aholed of them,in fact the stripes do the work and disguise! and the lace up nautical feel brings the attention to my money maker! you won't be disappointed
I ordered this on a whim during retailer days sale and i'm glad i did. it's now one of those shirts that calls my name every morning. i've worn it with denim skinnies and a knee length black knit pencil skirt. so soft and flattering. i got it in the red, but am tempted by the blue!
These pants are 100% true to size (whatever that means anymore...i'm a 26 in paige and ag.  i'm 5''6, weigh around 115, have long legs and i ordered the 0p.  the zero petite are still a little long, with a slight heel they're perfect.  they don't have stretch in them, but do to the fit and fabric...the material does expand, because they're thin and breezy.  i absolutely love them.  can't wait to order other colors of the same style.  these are my new favorite pants.
"I ordered this skirt online in a size 8 but returned for a 10 so it could sit a bit lower.

the fabric is so beautiful and a bit heavier so it can be worn all year long.
so glad i made this purchase."
The wide leg was fun, not too wide, but the long pocket seem to shorten leg so i returned. great for a taller person. bottom & trim cute
Don't pay attention to the less-than-flattering photo. these jeans are super cute and very flattering. they are actually long, not ankle length as the photo implies. high waisted with a 70s bell bottom vibe. nice light denim for year round wear. they fit like a dream.
I got this skirt in the dove grey, which is a lovely shade of light grey and silver. it has one layer underneath that is a sparkly silver netting which is really pretty that you can't see in the photo. the other layer is the grey netting. it has a very soft light grey silky cotton liner. i got the petite xs and it fits just as it should. i'm 5'3, 102. the skirt looks just as it is pictured, i think it can be dressy or dressed down a bit. very very pretty and well made. i'm happy with the purchas
Really loved this - so soft and snuggly. was unsure about ordering shirt size - (s) or jacket size for layering (m). ordered a small. fits perfect! definitely wouldn't have wanted the medium. 5'4, 135 lbs for reference. love this one!!! great find.
Love these jeans! they are the perfect relaxed fit; not too baggy, and a straight style. i did size down, because i wanted to wear them as shown. i was afraid that they would ride too low on my hips. glad i did! i usually wear size 29/6 and took a 28 in this pair. the color and denim weight is also great.
I ordered this dress for my daughter. she wore it to a wedding and it was beautiful. looks just as it does in photo. fabric is a nice weight and hangs great. my daughter had her hair done and look right out of an retailer catalog. well made true to size beautiful dress!!!!!!!
Layered this with a chunky sweater and a pair of kicks. it can be low key or dressed up with a pair of heels, multi-functionality not just occasional. it&#39;s feminine, funky, and fabulous!! i bought the last one in the store!
"I saw this skirt online and went to the store immediately to try on. i was a bit disappointed. the size is tts but the prints were prettier online. the material is ok. the regular is long so probably won't look good on a shorter person
if it is still available when the price comes down, i might buy it."
The colors are richer than shown- very vibrant. this piece is very unique and everthing that i love about retailer! i usually wear a medium in jackets and vest. i tried the small and there was very little difference from the small or the medium fit, so i went a size up, just for a looser look. it is very flattering and will be a great addition to my fall wardrobe!
An interesting design in a high-quality garment.  fits true to size on me and is great for layering.  very soft knit with the drapey attachment and a collar you can adjust to look the way you want. i feel lucky that i got this on sale but i would've gladly paid full price since this is a three season piece.
I was so excited to receive these jeans. typically, wide leg jeans are a no brainer for me--super flattering and in chambray, i thought, they would be stylish and comfortable. but i found these to be verging on mom jean. something about them seems not so cool. maybe the color of the wash, the weight of the fabric? not sure, but they don't lend themselves to current looks. sadly, i will be sending them back.
I bought this tee in all 3 colors, and wish there were more!  fabulous quality, material and style.  can dress up or down; wear with jeans, pants or skirts.  wear alone or layer.  don't miss out on this addition to your wardrobe!
I'm very short and thus not usually into maxi skirts since most of them make me look frumpy, but i ordered this skirt based upon all the great reviews. this skirt is more amazing in person. at first, the material feels a bit stiff and the gold is a lot more shiny in person. but, as usual, moulinette knows how to put things together. when worn, everything comes together, the pleats and the length flow beautifully and the gold shimmers in a subtle way. the skirt runs large (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 h
Sits at waist, length is perfect for petite, quality is very good, looks very nice on me, very recommend
I found these to fit odd. i am also use to wearing the skinny jeans so trying a wide leg was a bit weird anyway. the placement of the pockets and the way it hit my waist was awkward and not flattering. i am usually a 8/10 and the 8 fit but just did not look good.
Cute jeans! flattering and slimming. tts. the cut of the top makes my butt look flat, but oh well, they are super comfy. they are not as short on me as they look on the model. i'm 5;9"
"Love it! the pants is absolutely beautiful, rich material, it's not your cheap jogger!
i am really considering buying a second pair just in case i used my a little to much.
fits perfect, i am 5'4"" 114lbs and purchase the regular small."
I loved this dress and it fit great on me: 5'7, 115 lbs, wore an xs. it was a little tighter than i wish, but the s would have been too loose. unfortunately, when i received the dress the arms were already pilling. it is made of a mix of polyester, and while it's machine washable (yay), i can imagine this dress would be pilling very easily, and i wish the fabric was a higher quality for the price, so i returned it.
This coat is gorgeous but it runs huge! i am typically a s so that is the size i purchased and it was swimming on me. i sadly had to return for an xs so fingers crossed it fits. the coral color is gorgeous and looks nice with my olive skin. very unique coat and as long as the xs fits i will be one happy lady.
Purchased these jeans in a 27 and i am usually a 28 in skinny jeans. i got the 26's on but they were snug. these jeans are so comfy and sit higher on the waist. great jeans!
I purchased the coral version, and the color is wonderful and vibrant. it fit my daughter beautifully, and she is 5'10". i think she will be wearing this coat often, she loves it!!! she is 23 years old and has a professional job, so she will look the part.
"I'm in love, i'm in love.

this dress was gifted to me, because i was gawking at it so often. i love it!!! i am petite, 5'3"" 118 pounds and i could do either the small or extra small. the small was a little more comfortable, because the extra small was a bit tight in the arms-but i went with the extra small anyway. in both cases the neckline showed a small amount of tasteful cleavage and i felt like a model with how many people complimented me on it. many people even took the extra step in compl"
The dress arrived with a few snags and the fabric already pilling. the fabric will only get worse with wear. return. cute concept; poor fabric quality.
I love the design and pattern of this top. it runs big so an xs was roomy on me but still cute. the neck is wide. i returned it bc the material of the top isn't for me. the texture is too soft.
Very comfortable dress, with a gorgeous pattern. it comes with a self liner in navy that is very smoothing - i was worried a figure hugging sweater knit would be unflattering. cut is perfect. i'm a size 10/12 on top and 12/14 on bottom, and the m was the best fit. the neckline is a deep scoop so if you are not busty it may come down too far for comfort.
I was so excited when this dress went on sale.  it is very soft and the print is so distinctive.  it is super comfy but not slimming or flattering at all.  i am a curvy girl,  wear a medium 8/10 and this made me look so wide!  the skirt is quit full,  a small would have fit but the top was tight.  so disappointing.
This top is stunning. the colors are vivid and it is extremely cozy and soft. however it seems delicate and would need to only be worn once in a while. it is not an everyday top. the material has a cotton candy like appearance. it really is unique and one of a kind.
I love this skirt. i was happy with the quality of the fabric and style. i originally ordered a small, but returned and exchanged for a medium, which fits great. (i typically wear a size 6-8 in pants). i look forward to wearing this skirt to work this fall.
After reading the reviews i placed an order because it was the only top that caught my eye on the entire price downs. lately all my usual l/10 sizes from retailer turn out huge so i ordered a size smaller from what i usually wear. all would have been ok if the top wasn't so darn short. for reference i'm 6 ft tall, 160 lb. it's weird that this top looks completely the opposite of the model on the photo, from a loose looking fit with longer sleeves looking like a stylized sweatshirt that is not what
Was looking for a replacement coat and saw this lovely. tried on large but was more roomy than needed, even for a coat. tried petite version but found it too short for my taste. decided on medium in green and cannot complain. comfy & stylish. more car coat than main winter coat. have been wearing it daily over light layers so far in our mildish nw winter.
Another great dress by retailer. i've worn it with tall boots with heels, riding boots and booties...all look really good. i've also added a cream/beige cardigan and even a fuzzy/furry vest. very versatile. the only few things that i would have liked even more is that design of the dress be actual stitching and not just a flat print and also the material does shrink a tat when you wash it. it's a staple and keeper.
These are both adorable and practical?they're versatile enough to dress up or down, and they are just warm enough for fall temperatures. these will definitely be my go-to tights this season.
Luv these jeans! they felt so comfy the first time i put them on. it's like butter! i'm a 26 but went down a size and wear a belt. they said they r high rise but i can't see how - but no complaints as i can breathe in them :)
Love this! easy to dress up and down, has a great length on the torso but the sleeves are about 2-3 inches from my wrist bone, i see why the model has them pushed/rolled up- which is how i wear the shirt now too. but then it's hard to layer under a coat.
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress that stands out everywhere i go. it runs true to size and has a slimming effect because of the detail running down the sides.
5'1'' 43-31-43. i really wanted to love this coat: the material is nice, the green color is dark and rich, it has a hood. however, the cut is bad for me (and probably a lot of other people). the shoulders were cut too wide and impeded movement, and the bust and hips were cut too tight, overall it was just boxy. i have another boiled wool coat that i bought at retailer about 7 years ago and though it's cut oversize like this one, it has a much fuller sweep, so the proportions still seem right. also
First, i've been in love with this dress for months. when it went on sale i absolutely had to have it! i'm 5'4" and 150 pounds and typically wear large stuff from retailer but after reading other reviews i decided to get the medium. it's more generous than i expected and wonder if i could've even gone with a small. i might try a belt. either way i'm very very happy with the dress. the sleeves are not too long - and i didn't get the petite because i wanted the length in the skirt. the lining makes
The sweater coat is a must try on! it's a great fall to winter coat, that you can leave on all day if you need. i bought the dark green, which is very dark yet gorgeous and have the beautiful coral saved in my cart as well. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, ordered the size small and have plenty of room (did not want it tight and wanted to be able to wear over thick layers).
Just purchased this coral coat today. the color is beautiful. the quality is excellent and the coat itself is lightweight,great for travel. great purchase and would recommend buying. going to new york and can't wait to wear it . love, love this coat
I guess this is a true to size, i am usually a 30dd and ordered 32d, fits great. the back is really pretty, so even though it is a tiny bit looser, i decided to keep it...
I tried these on as a return at my store and sadly, they fit great everywhere ecept at the waist. i had almost 2 inches gaping at the waist... my usual size. the rest of the pant was absolutely awesome though. for reference, i tried n a 25 and am 115 lbs and short... bummer htey don't come in petite or 24...
Saw this in store in coral color and new i had to try. love. it's the perfect, cozy cute sweater, color is beautiful and fit is great. i am 5 5" 135 lbs and i tried both the small and extra small. i went with the xs for a more flattering fit. i love it.
I love the feel and design of this pullover. it is extremely soft and comfy to wear. however, i did find that it runs slightly large, is a bit boxy and the sleeves are a bit lengthy. probably not the best for a petite frame. i am trying to decide if i should keep it though simply for the softness and ease of wearing that it provides.
I originally got these in a 29 petite and thought they fit great right out of the bag (i'm usually a 6/8).. and within an hour of wearing them (to retailer, actually), the knees had gotten so baggy that they looked absolutely ridiculous; i've never had jeans do this. the salesperson at retailer agreed that they seemed very odd. i exchanged for a 28p at her suggestion, and i just hate them. i'd say the smaller size seems every so slightly small, but nothing major - but the waist actually folds over a
I love this as a lounge-at-home top. the colors and pattern are really pretty, it's soft and warm. very comfy and cozy. but it's also boxy and thick so not a flattering cut.
This skirt is not what i was expecting at all. for starters it runs large, i expected it to sit at the natural waist and it is definitely made to do so, but it was a good two inches too big and therefore wouldn't lay flat and gaped at the front. no bueno. my biggest gripe, though, is that the color looks nothing like it does in the picture. they have it paired with an ivory top and the two look like they match so well but do not be fooled, the background color of this skirt is not even close to
I really did not need another coat at all, but i couldn't resist. got it in green - it's dark and woodsy,something robin hood and his merry men could wear in the forest to look and feel their most stylish. the structure is just right - this coat is soft, cozy and fluid, but also tailored enough to wear in a business casual environment... equally well-suited to wear on winter eve dog walks, to a football game, or at the coffee shop for a latte at an outside table. works with most of my wardrobe -
I wanted to love these pants, but they were larger than i expected and the fabric is very heavy. almost like a thick sweater.
It pills a little under the arms and picks up lint, but it's totally worth it. this is a fabulous sweater coat. i receive compliments on it wherever i go. so cozy, warm & delicious. not too hot to wear indoors either. it's breathable. love it. bought in green during black friday sale. highly recommend.
Omg - wish it came in more colors,,
This dress has a beautiful fit; eyed it for awhile--snatched it up at the dress sale! only drawback was the edging around the neck; on some, the cream-patterned fabric was used and it was distracting. hunted around at stores, but ended up getting lucky with online purchase.
Absolutely beautiful. as soon as i saw the color i had to have it. looks great. i am 5 ft 2 in the color is beautiful. excellently made. very comfy. hood is not bulky
Very cheap looking material. looks cheap to cost $158.
I've been a fan of the pilcro chinos for years but the jeans have not been the right fit for me - usually wind up too big in the waist to accommodate the hips. well the em is aptly named as they are made to fit a girl! ! i usually wear a 29 and the 29 fit comfortably and i could probably even go down a size. thank you retailer - please make more in this style!

What a well-designed dress! the cut is a slight a-line without adding bulk and the pattern is very slimming. the lining makes this a pretty good option for cooler weather. the neck is pretty wide, as others have noted, but i find that a heavy cream colored scarf is a pretty good accent. it does run a little large. i'm 5'5"/130lbs and went with the xsp.
I was initially attracted to the colors
This coat is a perfect fall to winter transition coat. it is surprisingly warm in 50 degree weather, so i'm sure it will be warm enough in 30-40 degree weather with some added layers. the only thing to note is that it is unlined and the material is soft so it may be prone to pilling. can be worn casually, to work, and dressed up.
I tried this dress on in the store and ended up ordering it online during the dress sale. it is extremely flattering and really accentuates the waist. it is very comfortable, and made of a nice, soft fabric. i am a 34a and it just barely reveals a tiny bit of cleavage so i don't find the neckline too low. i plan to wear it with tights and booties. i am 5' 4" and the regular xs comes to a bit below my knees. going to enjoy wearing this lovely dress!
This is way cuter in person than on model. it is a super soft and fluffy sweater. the colors are so pretty and feminine. i received it as a christmas gift and have already worn it twice. it's perfect with skinny jeans and ugg boots. i vary between xs and small in retailer sweaters. this is a bit boxy so i sized down with the xs and it fits perfect!
The colors in this dress are much less vibrant in person. the scoop of the neckline is very wide and deep. i know others have posted that this is a great dress for work, but not in my workplace.
I adore this hooded boiled wool sweatercoat in rich, deep green. quality is great aside from the buttons being sawn on very loosely. it's a great outer layer in the warm northern california fall/winter. i'm wearing it today with a short sleeved boiled wool dress in burgundy for pre-christmas eve cocktails and feeling classy, festive, cozy, and warm.
Every year i'm excited when the weather gets cool enough for sweater dresses. i love this one, with the longer length, slimming fit and pattern placement, and cozy soft fabric. delightful, inspires reveries of castles and legends (yes i looked up what "eira" stands for and went with it). highly recommended. fit is generously tts.
"I adore this sweater coat! i first bought the green color in my normal size online on a whim mostly due to the positive reviews. i was not disappointed at all! this sweater coat is soft boiled wool.. the green color is a deep forest that looks incredible with black, grays and berry colors.

the fit appears to be magical. it manages to be both roomy and figure flattering, which is tricky with my figure (hourglass). i tend to need a defined waist, but somehow this coat manages to be very slimming"
This sweater dress is lovely, quirky and comfortable. because i have broader shoulders, the neckline was perfect on me, although i probably will end up wearing a scarf to keep my neck warm! the dress skims in a very flattering way. at first i was dissapointed it wasn't more formfitting, but it drapes very nicely. (i usually wear a size four in dresses and chose the small in this dress which was best i think.) it has a built in slip that is a bit flimsy, so i will probably wear a long silk one th
Cute and comfortable! i loved the colors and how soft the shirt is!
So different than anything in my closet. it's wide with a beautiful drape. fabric is soft but substantial. it has the cutest coral color lining the placket and inside of the lower sleeves. i sized down to a medium and could have gone to a small but i love the length and drape which might not translate in fit in the smaller size. so cute on.
I really like these jeans, but order a size down. i'm typically a 14 and these were just too big. they stretch as it is and although they should have a baggier fit, they are just too baggie.
This jacket is worth every penny! it is light enough to wear when like 55/60 out or good when it is in the 40s with a sweater underneath. the fit and design of the coat is amazing! i love the full collar look - that's my favorite detail of the jacket. loved the green so much, i bought the coral too! i normally wear a 12/14 in clothes and the large was perfect!
"I ordered this coat in the ""pink"" color. actually, it is a coal color (papaya) and will be wonderful with gray, black, khaki, and great with animal print accessories. the fit is just as it looks online, no surprises. this coat is attractive buttoned or unbuttoned. the collar is just as attractive buttoned as unbuttoned. the boiled wool is light weight and has some stretch to it. (much softer than the boiled wool geiger jackets, for anyone who remembers them)

one concern: since the wool is light"
"Here's the thing: this is a sweatercoat. it's not a coat. it's not something i'll be able to wear independently by the end of november, though i'm enjoying doing so now. it's boiled wool, and not lined, and though it's cozy and warm enough for a morning walk to the train in the high 40s, its role is going to end up being a mid layer. i'm also enjoying wearing it over both dresses and pants at work, serving as a kind of cardigan/blazer combination.
i purchased the pink, which i saw online first a"
Best jeans ever! it's so hard to find a good petite jean. you shop and shiop and then pay $30 more to get them altered. the fit and length on these are perfect. love, love, love!!!
I really like the sundry brand. however. this is thin and to me out of character for an retailer tee. it look adorable in picture. however the coloring is way off. the navy is almost black it's so dark and the kaki stripe is a green. it's nothing like i had hoped it would be. fabric in very thin and more like a pajama top. so disappointed. it will go back. i do not make it a habit to bash a product. however with tax, shipping and 83.00 price tag. 103.11 is absolutely terrible.
This is a comfortable sweater dress, and the quality of the material seems good. the solid blue strip down the front makes it look very bland. i think it would need some dressing up with a necklace or scarf. i decided to pass.
I ordered this in the orange color from online. they were sold out of petite so i ordered medium (regular). i liked it, but just not flattering. i am 5'2" and the coat was too big. sleeves were past my hands. i think because i'm "curvy" the straight cut of coat would not have looked good on me in a size small. it was a nice coat, just not for me.
Received these as a christmas gift from my daughter. just wonderful - warm and cozy and cute. size m is just a tad baggy; i'm sure i could have worn small, but no matter. i wear these often and love them! such a treat!
Every year around this time, our beloved retailer comes out with a wool sweater coat. i've seen every style over the last five years and this year they have outdone themselves!!! this coat is a dream. not too thin and not too thick...it's the perfect layering piece. the fabric has perfect stretch in it. the colors are lovely (i ended up with the cream color, but i loved the green too!!) in many sweater coats i prefer an xl, but because of the stretch the l was just perfect. i'm 5'8 and it hits wel
I tried on this sweater in the store and immediately ordered my size. i got the petite small in natural delivered to my door several days later and am extremely pleased. the fit is roomy enough to layer, but not too large or boxy. the wool is fluffy and luxurious and has terrific appeal. i get compliments every time i wear it..."classic," "fancy," "jackie o." are all terms i heard used to describe my favorite new sweater. the coat is made from a medium weight wool and is probably not meant for e
Super soft and comfortable. runs a little large. very cozy.
Wear the collar down & it favors grace kelly. pull it up and it's an oversized hood. this lightweight cozy piece combines everything i love about a sweater & a coat in one.
Warn and super soft. love it !
Love the high waist, prewashed softness, and relaxed fit. i normally wear a 27 in pilcro but sized down to a 26. for the first time in ages i have a pair of jeans that won's slide down because of the high waistline. i would never tuck anything in so it doesn't matter that it's high waisted but i don't have to worry about them sliding down over my muffin top. worth every penny.
Nice jeans, but had to return. too tight in hips/thighs and big in waist.
Im 5'1" and about 110lbs. ordered the small because i do have some curves- it was huge- more like a large and didnt have much structure at all. the wool was very soft and stretchy. and like others have said- kinda orange- not true coral color. it fit me like a throw blanket- its going back for sure. might purchase again if the petite xs is back in stock and on sale- this should def be under $100.

I am 5'8 154 pounds and ordered a medium. the coat is a bit bigger than expected and should have gone down a size. i'm keeping this size however because it is incredibly comfortable, roomy and perfect for mild winters. the wool does keep you warm in 50 degree weather.
I saw this and tried to wait for it to go on sale, but it sold so fast, i wanted the black and i check everyday until they had my size, i love this coat main because of the wait it goes around the neck since i am not a scarf person, this is very cute, im glad i got it, even at the full price.
"These joggers are gorgeous--you can even dress them up! the quality and softness is amazing and very expensive looking. the fit is perfect not to mention the fact that they are very flattering.
really, i knew the minute i saw them, i would love them. but, i do have to say that the lovely model
wearing them ---the model with the wine colored shirt and the awesome red bag (i bought that too!!!)and that big smile sold me!. many thanks to retailer--personal stylists carolyn and blair. always so helpfu"
I love sweater knit dresses and this the first one i've owned with a flare style that works. pattern placement is gorgeously done and is very slimming in a non-obvious way. i think the fabric is soft and warm. i wish the scoop neckline was a tad bit higher from a modesty standpoint. you may want to size down if you're not busty. i am 5'3" and m petite was the perfect length on me. shout out to the reno distribution center for getting this amazing dress to me in 1.5 days?!?!?!!!
I have this wonderful sweater coat in three sizes (s,sp,m) in the coral, green
Oh my goodness! i just received this coat tonight. i love it! it is beautiful and stylish. i got the green which is amazing. i'm 5'2" - weigh 115. ordered both s and xs. i'm keeping the s - more room in case a heavier sweater. get this! it's a classic! you will smile!
I wasn't sure what to expect with these pants. i couldn't figure out from the pictures what the material would actually be like. is it jersey? is it french terry? is it more traditional sweatshirt-type material? nope, turns out, they're like wearing pants made out of a fuzzy, flecked sweater. or like the thickest, loosest sweater-knit tights ever. surprise! they are the strangest pants i've ever owned, for sure, but i actually really like them. they're super comfortable and cozy warm. slightly i
This dress hung so nicely on my figure (small up top, bigger in the hips) that i couldn't pass it up. the lines are more flattering in person than in the photos. it might run a little small...i'm normally an extra small, but it was a little snug in the arms. however, the small was too big, so i would suggest sticking with your usual size. the saleslady said would stretch a little. i would have loved to try a petite, but the store didn't carry petite sizes. it will be my go-to holiday dress.
I coveted this item since i first saw it on instagram. i finally bought it in coral. it's a beautiful coat, the color is lovely and i like the way the hood makes a cute collar when worn down. the only problem is it looks like a bathrobe on me. i am 5'5" and wear a size 8. i bought a medium, worried a small would not button. the sleeves are far too long. i do not want to go through the trouble of returning, so gave it to my daughter who is four inches taller. it looks cute in her.
Love this as a lightweight coat for cool to cold days. i love the squishy soft feel of the material. it works well with sweaters. love the deep pockets which works with my iphone plus and wallet. i love how simple and practical this coat is. the hood when not used as a hood makes a nice collar for the neck and head.
"I have broader shoulders and thick arms, this dress does an amazing job slimming my arms and not making me appear top heavy!
i'm 5'4 125 lbs, the xs fit perfectly"
I'll start with saying that it's a beautiful coat- i get tons of compliments and love the color. it runs a little big but it's meant to have to a slouchy, oversized quality to it. my only complaint is that i've had it for about 3 weeks and already one button has completely fallen off and the two inside fasteners already feel loose and very delicate. there's no extra buttons to replace the old one with and i'm worried more of the coat is going to fall apart. super bummed about the construction qu
This bra is so well made and fits beautifully.
Snapped this sweet puppy up at my local retailer-in the sale room!!!!! it is beyond fabulous and the coral color is divine!!!! brightens up the drearriest of days-i did size down. i am short and the small sleeves were way too long on my 5ft3in frame. it runs a bit large but if you were to wear a heavier something under it i could see getting your "normal" size. the quality is great and the style is just lovely. great jacket-love love love
Love this coat - great fall piece! i bought the green color and it looks as shown in the picture. great retailer purchase!
I bought it to mainly wear as a coat but i think it'd be great with some leggings and boots as well. if you want a more structured look go a size smaller. i plan on wearing this more as outer wear so i went with large. the coral is beautiful
This tunic is very nice. flattering, good design, worn in winter and spring, and fits well. i have a curvy figure, and this fits well. i wish it came in more colors.it does show flaws slightly but fits well and is stretchy.
The top i received was large, really long in length, pockets in the front along the seam, and lots of volume in the back without any princess seams to give it shape. the id #'s matched, but that's about it. returned!
"At first, i thought this sweater might be too boxy, but fastened at the waist, it's very flattering and the collar is face-framing, and the coral in particular (really more of a mango sorbet shade) is unexpected but cheery for winter.

but the big selling point is the warmth and the giant pockets. brought a new puppy home just after christmas, and this sweater is perfect for layering for late- night trips out with an easy place to stash my phone and treats. bought it in coral and pink."
I love this sweater! pros: great shape (it's supposed to be a little oversized looking), great color (i have the ivory and it's beautiful), and fits well (the sweater looks boxy until you put it on and it flows in all the right places). the sweater is not soft. that is my only con. it looks so soft in the photos, but the sweater i received is not at all soft and cozy. it is warm. it will be great for the winter - great pair with leggings, skirts or just jeans.
I love this dress. will be wearing it for the first time tomorrow. it fits well. the neck line is a bit low on me. i think it would look best on someone with more of a chest than i have. i will be wearing a winter white infinity scarf with it (as shown on model). i am 5' 6.5" and 120 lbs and the small is just right.
Love this sweater jacket! super comfortable and warm. i am 5'2 and i got a xs petite. it fit perfectly both in length and in the sleeve. the green color is super rich and is perfect for the season. it's easy to wear it up and wear it down. i appreciate that it's not super bulky, which was what i was afraid of. my favorite jacket of the season so far.
I am 5'6", 130 lbs with an athletic body type and i ordered a size small. these were really baggy in the thigh/quadricep area and made my thighs look bulky. the fabric quality is very nice and i like the idea of them for curvier body types. my son commented that they looked like pajama pants and i agreed.
"This is a beautiful dress but if you have any hips at all you may find it difficult to find the right size. i usually wear a 0-2 p and found that that the op was too snug on the bottom while the 2p was too loose on top. ( for reference 32-26-35). so if you are perfectly proportioned it could work for you.
also, note that this is a pencil dress....very slim fitting.....probably best suited for a cocktail party."
Purchased this sweater in the blue color which is a gray/blue. it runs large as the xs is still quite roomy on me in the body. although the arms are more snug. great quality.

I bought this as a birthday gift for my daughter, and i am so glad i did. the colors are beautiful, and the material is so soft. i'm sure she's going to love it!
So when i saw a sweater with a big llama face on the front of it, i knew it must be mine. i ordered it and eagerly awaited its arrival. while the llama print and color of the sweater are ah-mazing, the fit of the sweater leaves something to be desired. i'm a 36 dd and mostly a size l, so that's what i ordered. it wasn't snug, but it didn't have the cut to pull off the oversized drapey look, so the areas where it was loose looked...strange. the sleeves were really long too, but i could have rolle
I fell in love with this top (sweater) before it could even be ordered - was on model for pants that were available to order. in any case, i later ordered the blue motif online and the colors are even more beautiful in person. the blue also contains fibers of wine - so very pretty. the gray is a soft shade. the quality is lovely too. the only cons are that the seater is rather heavy, but should be great for colder winter months and the zipper on the back is quite conspicuous. however, that said,
Love the feminine styling of a classic tunic tee! i'll wear it with black leggings this fall. super cute to wear casually or dress up a bit with some jewelry and/or a scarf.
This top is full of amazing details. the photos really don't do it justice. it is very flowy and does run large but is so pretty and soft and in beautiful shades of blue. i bought a small and it is fairly long in back on my 5'5" frame but because of the detailing...it just works.
Unlike the first three reviews, i loved this sweater. the colors were beautiful and i paired it with green cords. i did not find the sweater to be itchy but very comfortable. fits trus to size.
Great fit even for busty women. ordered an 8 because i usually need the room in the chest area on dresses.(36d-dd) fit nicely without being tight. might have been able to size down but i didn't want to risk being too tight. flattering especially on curves. nice for contemporary office or special occasion. if you like his designs, you won't be disappointed!
Love this top, purchased it in the coral color now i'm definitely wanting it in the blue since it is such a great blouse for transitioning into fall. the weight of the top it good since i live in south texas so definitely needing lightweight long sleeves for our weather. i'm sure when the time comes adding a long cardigan or blazer over it as needed for the cooler weather it will look great. fit true to size.
Absolutely love this suit. the bottoms are very comfortable and covers everything id like it to. it does not ride up at all, which almost never happens with swim suits. i'm going to order this in a different color next season. i paired the bottoms with the peplum top and received many compliments.
I just love this dress.  took me ordering a number of sizes- petite and regular to find the best fit.  i might still have the top altered.  i received a lot of compliements.  work it with some black leather wedges for daytime/work.
I got the purple color and absolutely love it. i am 5'2" but decided against the petite size and i wanted it to be a bit longer. i also went with the xxs as the xs was a bit too loose on the arm. it was definitely a splurge to buy the sweater but it looked so lovely!
Love the color! very soft. unique look. can't wait to wear it this fall
I got the rooster version and the colors are simply gorgeous.  i'm not so much into wearing a farm animal image, but the colors are just too striking to pass this up. the sweater is tts, but with a slightly baggy fit. i did not find it scratchy.
Really cute and very comfortable. material is thin and sheer. i wear tanks under things anyway, but especially in pink, you would need to. but love the style.
I love this sweater.  i am 5' 1" and tried on the petite in the store but ended up going with the regular size as i preferred the length.  the overall fit was the same.  i bought the blue which to me is the colour shown here, more a grey and purplish colour, beautiful for fall and much nicer than a straight blue.  i have worn it to work several times and always get a compliment.  this sweater is nice for all ages, it is soft, comfortable and versatile.  it might just be my go to fall sweater.

I ordered this in a small petite and medium petite , and i am a huge fan of a*k. i put tried on the sp. while it fit, it was very long, even for a petite. what i hated about it was that the piping on the top made me look very wide. even a long necklace wouldn't help deter the look. on a positive side, the blue was a very nice, cool color. i am usually a small to medium in a*k (6-8 in tops) and the small fit well in the arms/bodice, just too much fabric for me. returning!
I have the blue color of this top and i love the color variation throughout. it looks very unique and it is going to be a great piece for late summer/early fall. the pleated look on the upper chest is very flattering and adds texture to the top. i am pleased with my purchase!
This sweater is perfect for transitioning into fall as it is not too heavy. it's flattering and looks great with jeans.
I'm an xl but ended up buying this in a size large. i am very pleased with the interesting cable pattern that runs down the front. i also really like that this is cotton, and even though it is heavy and substantial, the thread gauge is a fine weight. while this says i can hand wash the sweater, i'm reluctant to because i'm worried that hand washing will end up stretching the sweater out of shape. i don't care for the heavy gold zipper running down from the neck, but my hair hides that. overall,
Bought this is the blue, which is actually a very grey-blue.  i love cotton sweaters and they are not easy to find.  this one has lovely colors and unusual design, but is a bit too full.  that said, i am keeping it for the cotton/linen factor, alone.
My perspective is as a sewer so i'm more picky perhaps. this top is poorly made. the fabric pattern is crooked or not consistent in each piece. sewers do this to save $ - squeezing the pieces on the fabric. it looks sloppy. the cut is very full; the bottom edge measures 104" around. for my figure, curvey, at 5'6" and 150lbs, this top is not flattering it looks maternity. perhaps best on a slim figure and with leggings.
I love mixed media clothing, and this is no exception. i fell in love with this right away, and after being torn between the two colors, opted for the rose. it's very gorgeous in person - midweight and very soft. however, as soon as i put it on, i noticed the knit sides truly flare out; they don't lay nicely like on the model. it could be because of my large chest (36dddd), but everything below the chest seems to widen me. it might work better on someone with a straighter build or smaller chest.
I've been looking for some new, casual tops and ordered this one for the sky blue color. i'm a size 6 and the small fits great. i don't find the blowzy style overwhelming. i am small boned but i'm 5'8", not a petite. i like it with leggings and skinny jeans ...a nice proportion. however, i can see how this cut may be too much on someone with a smaller frame. i really like it, however i see two drawbacks: the material is a bit thin for fall and it wrinkles very easily (not good for travel). this
I got the pink version to layer with spring clothes. i always wear a medium, but sized down to a small based on the other review. the seams are very flattering. the material is very soft. on sale, the price is reasonable.
I love this tee but there is a lot of swing/ fabric so it can tend to make you look wide. also, i have a short torso to begin with but this tee is on the short side. i'm still undecided on whether i'm going to keep it b/c it's rayon/ poly and it's hand wash only. and i'm worried that one wash will make it shrink in length and it's already short. rayon knits have a tendency to shrink in length when washed so beware!
This top reminded me of a maternity top. cute, but better suited for someone smaller chested.
I love this shirt so much i am ordering the coral too! the weight of the material makes it hang nicely. there is a lot of material but it lends itself to the flowy style. i got many compliments of this top!
"This sweater is perfect! finally a sweater that doesn't make me look like a huge box!

i bought the blue & it has other colors running through it so i'll be able to wear it with chinos & jeans. very pretty, flattering & i think i'm going to be wearing this a lot."
I love byron lars. very taken with his fabrics and design concepts and i have ordered several of his dresses but i believe i need to surrender to the fact that they do not work for my body type. the dress is gorgeous in person: all the fabrics are great, the dress is fully lined and lots of nice finishing touches. it is a unique and very striking dress; this one i really wanted. however, it is designed for a woman who is proportionally longer, leaner with a larger bust size than i have. i ordere
Wanted to love this sweater for its beautiful colors and cute graphic, but the fit is uncomfortably small and it is so itchy i was yelling, "get it off" in the fitting room. bummer.
True to size for petite person; bought in blue - subtle shading, looks great; paired with your blue straight leg blue "jeans"; perfect outfit for almost all occasions.
This is a beautiful sweater with deep rich colors. i purchased the blue motif. the problem is that the model(s) are small busted, which allows the side panels and front panel to lay nicely and swing in a flattering manner. i am 5'6'', 135 pounds and a 36d. i usually wear a small in antro tops. i purchased this online, and was excited upon it's arrival. when i tried it on, i was horrified. it looked like a babydoll maternity sweater on me. the front did not lay well (flat) at all from the chest d
Spotted this beauty in my local store - hanging (grrr) which made it stretch out. note that it's made of linen, cotton, and acrylic, so it's not heavy, it's weighty. anyways, it seemed to run large just due to gravity, so i ended up ordering it so it wasn't all stretched out. it's got a beautiful a-line cut - perfect for us bottom-heavy gals. love the colored thread woven throughout. worth the extra $.
Okay this shirt is soooo comf. it is super fun and flowy. but it runs large. get one size smaller than you would usually get! so worth the sale price!!!
Cute and comfy shirt! tts- got my usual m (i'm a 10) and it has a generous fit but i think it's supposed to. it's actually a silver grey color.
I would highly recommend this top. i usually wear a small petite. but returned the top for an xs petite which fit perfectly. there is a lot of fabric, but if you size down it wasn't an issue for me. i weigh 120lbs and am 5 feet tall. also, i'm busty, 34 d. which worried me with this type of top. not a problem. i will wear a blazer or leather short jacket with this. i am very picky and i was happy with the quality. the fabric is not heavy. it's a fantastic purchase!
I loved this but hesitated to order since i'm petite and busty and assumed it would be an awful mess in the chest area (too tight, gaping etc) but it is great!!! it fits perfectly! there is plenty of room in the chest and the dress is not too long! i ordered a pm and its wonderful. the dress is not see through at all. love it!!!!!
Runs a little big. fabric is very soft and comfortable
This top is really cute and i think will be a great transition piece. i'm glad i tried it on in the store as it runs very small. i typically wear a 00 or 0 and bought this in a 2. they didn't have it in stock,so i ordered it and hope it fits.
I just saw this vintage style blouse at my local store and tried it and think this blouse is amazingly beautiful! it's actually very well made and a tad heftier than i imagined from the picture. there's different strips of gorgeous lace all over including that amazing lace at the collar and bib, the arm holes are just perfect in my regular size small (34d-27-35) so it runs tts and i didn't find this overly blousy myself though that's just part of its charm. you'll need an undershirt or something
Beautiful dress but have to return. way too big & long for me. medium is the size i wear but i think i would need an extra small.
I love this top. the quality is excellent. the blouse is lined and falls nicely.. i like to wear it with a pair of dark gray jeans. the color is described as "orange", but it really has more of a bronze tone. looks very rich and exotic. it's perfect top when you want to wear jeans, but want to dress it up a bit.
"This swimsuit completely exceeded my expectations! 
i'm 5'2"", 140 lbs with an athletic build, and the cut of this swimsuit is ultra slimming! with the way the top wraps it makes my torso look much longer and leaner than it actually is :) i bought the top in a small and the matching bottoms in medium. 

the material is thick, high quality, and the colors are exactly the way they appear online. 
the top is reversible and the alternate side is teal and nude. i feel like i got 4 tops in one sinc"
I'm 5'2 around 125 lbs, muscular and petite, so i ordered a petite small and it fits great. the length is perfect, i can wear with heels or dress down with flops. it's lined, which i think most dresses and skirts should be, so i was happy about that. i was pleasantly surprised with the slits up both sides, to show a little leg....sexy. it's not too low cut that you have to wear a cami and ruin the neckline, so that's plus. my only issue was the fabric didn't line up on me the same as the model,
"As soon as i saw this dress, i knew i had to have it. i just tried it on and it is beautiful. i feel gorgeous and glamorous! i can't wait to wear this to a special event as it truly deserves that attention.

the silk is soft and the slip underneath is perfect. the tie in the back perfectly cinches the dress and the pleating is a wonderful detail to the look.

i am 5'0"", 110, and i purchased the small petite. it's slightly big around the armholes and it kind of poofs / puckers out so i'm going to"
This top was quite voluminous when i purchased it and i sized down to an xs, however after hand washing it once in cold water it has shrunk significantly. it still fits, but something to be aware of.
I agree with the other reviewers that this runs big. unfortunately there is nothing smaller than an xs so this is going back. i love the lyocell material, i have another skirt with this material and wanted to love this as well but it is too big and with the drawstring pulled tight to fit it doesn't look right. it is not as pictured as well. the skirt i received is a medium blue denim, not the lovely light blue as pictured, another reason why i am returning.
I love how soft and cozy this sweater is. the addition of some cashmere in the yarn makes all the difference. the red color is beautiful also, perfect for the holidays. flattering cut in the back (it dips down to cover your bum) and the pointelle details are very pretty. fit was tts
This top is such a great investment piece. looks classy and is comfortable all at the same time. it is pricey but you will not regret buying this. goes great with light trouser denim or i have the green pilcro khakis. it will he something you will keep in your closet for a long time.
I always end up walking out of an retailer store with something very different than what i thought and this was one. it drapes beautifully and the red color is rich and vibrant, cool tone not orangey. i fell in love with this one in person. it jumped at me in the store, but online i think the outfit that the model is wearing is not my style at all and does not do the item justice. if you like to cover your assets, you will love it.
This is a very comfortable, good-looking skirt. fits as shown. the zipper however is rather short, and it takes a bit of squirming to get it over the hips. once on, it's great.  it is not made in the usa, as stated. it is clearly marked "made in mexico" from "globally sourced" materials (i.e. not from the us).
I live in south florida so i'm always looking for sundresses that will be flattering (but not too clingy or hot), and that i can take from day to evening with accessories. when i pulled this out of the box and walked around in it, it met all my criteria, and as an added bonus, my husband said, "wow! you look great! where'd you get that dress?" i'm shocked because as an earlier reviewer said, this dress doesn't seem like much - it's not even lined. but it's comfy, flattering (in all the right pla
I agree, this dress runs long, but since i love high heels, it falls just right for me. it does seem quite roomy for a medium, which is a pleasant surprise. the fabric, drape and quality are contemporary but i know i'll be wearing this beyond this year for sure.
Pretty pink top is great for layering iand alone in the summer and spring
This shirt fits very true to size, with very soft and comfortable material that hangs just right. wears well and is versatile for many occasions. please come out with more colors so i can purchase them as well!
I bought this in both the taupe and ivory. the beading on the neck line, the tie at the neck and the pleats make this a fun shirt. i bought a size 2 which is normally what i wear at retailer, so i would say it is true to size. i really like the length of the top. it hits mid-hip on me. it is a tad shorter on the sides than i would like but it is still long enough to cover my waistline. i also think the arms are too long so there is kind of a balloon look at my wrists because of it. i bought it to
I saw this dress on line and knew i wanted it for the spring/summer season. i ordered it almost immediately and i am so glad i did. the photo on the website doesn't do it justice, there are a lot of pretty pastel colors in the paisley pattern that you just can't see on the computer screen. the wrap styling is a very flattering cut for most figures especially hourglass figures like mine and the dress fit's tts (for reference i am 5'9" and a 36ddd). the silk material is very light and flowy and wi
I was really looking forward to receiving this blouse in the mail. the color was beautiful in person and the photo does not show the nice beading around the neck. that being said, i was so disappointed in the fit. i ordered a size 00 and the arm length was way too long yet the body of the shirt was way too cropped. cropped enough where you could see skin on the sides. made no sense! hoping to order a few more sizes to see if i can find the right fit. order up for length, down for arm length ...
"A little shorter than expected. very billowy, so watch out for wind!
it fits well on the arms and shoulders. not too see through"
I order this shirt because it looked like a shirt you could dress up or down. when i got it the shirt was really wrinkled. therefore, i knew it would have to ironed a lot. it was quite boxy and was shorter in the front then in the back. i didn't realize that this shirt was two different fabrics. overall i think this shirt would be more flattering on a woman that was petite.
Great that it's hand washable because i hate the smell of dry cleaned garmets.
Top is very wide and flowy. i am petite with large chest so it hung from widest point and was not flattering. would be very cute with the right body shape.
I want to the store to try this skirt on. that had only one size m in stock (my size) and it was huge! i ordered an xs and it fits nicely. it's just what i needed for the warm days ahead.
After the reviews about sizing, i ordered the size 16 (am normally size large). interestingly, the tag on the blouse says it's a 14. with all that said, the blouse is cute enough and sizing up gave me enough length (in spite of the higher sides) that i'm considering keeping it. although it's a bit big, it flows nicely and isn't oversized in that wide, crazy way. the sleeves are a bit too big but they're cuffed with a button and can be rolled. the fabric is somewhat crinkled in texture. i got the
I love the style and quality of this blouse. it can easily be dressed up or down. the blouse is completely see through and delicate. still, it is so romantic, feminine, distinctive and timeless.
Comfortable and great fit and color. high quality.
I loved this blouse when i got it and wore it before washing. it fit really well and was flattering. the only time i laundered it i hand- washed it in cold water and hung it to dry. the blouse shrunk at least a full size and in awkward places. the sleeves are now tight and way too short. the overall length shortened by at least 2 inches. the top is so tight in the bust now that the buttons popped open. i'm very disappointed and surprised.i will be returning it as it is unwearable as is.
This bunches up too much, and the fabric is even more see through than i expected (so even with a tank top under it, it's not a good look for work). even unbuttoned at the top, i could barely get this over my head!  this one is going back.
"I haven't worn a halter dress in ages and saw this one and wanted to get it, hoping that it'll fit me. 

i love the swing skirt and the halter. this dress can be easily dressed up or down depending on your mood. there is a side zipper. 

i got s p and it hits me exactly like the dress on the model. it is unlined but with the color of the dress, i don't mind it."
I agree with the other review that the dress runs big and long, but i love it! it's very flattering and i have super high wedges that work great with it. i don't think it runs "super big" but it's slightly big. definitely size down if small busted. i wore it out and got a ton of compliments. it's classy, different and hot!
Bought this blouse to wear with high wasted jeans and pants. it lays beautifully and can be dressed up or down. it's somewhat sheer, but i don't plan on wearing a cami under it. perfect for work or going out.
I definitely recommend this shirt. it's lights and airy, something you can wear everyday.
Love the way this top layers under my jackets and sweaters! so romantic and pretty. i am not experiencing the over pouf at the waist that a previous reviewer complained about. the fabric is slightly itchy and the top shipped to my house has misshapen shoulder bumps from the store hanger. all the beautiful styling pics done by retailer employees on ig is what made me want this blouse. whatever is going on with the model shot really really really does not represent how cute this top looks. in fact,
There is no way this is worth the price. i was deeply disappointed when it arrived. the material is thin and feels cheap. i love the design, and anna sui, but this is just so overpriced.
Beautiful victorian look blouse. runs large and overly blousy on me.
This top is really cute and true to size. i like the color and the nice details.
I'm 5' 0" and 120 pounds. this top is beautiful. it's high neck is so flattering. a nice switch it up for us gals that are older and like neck coverage sometimes. i purchased a small and it is a little longer, but since it has elastic at the waist it's no problem. i will tuck it in my jeans and skirts. the arm holes are perfect. the as far as it being a lot of blouse, i didn't find that at all. but i am busty, 34c or d depending on brand of bra. the color is ivory. omits completely sheer, no lin
Tried this blouse on in the store and fell in love with this top. i went down one size since i am a true petite. they were sold out of the petite small, but the regular x-small fit perfect. it is a little short so it's perfect for shorter people,
Oh yes. another sequin top to add to my collection. it is sparkly without being glittery- if you know what i mean. can definitely dress down as it is tee shirt- like. lots of options for this one. tts.  much better in person than the online pics.
Unfortunately i had to size down twice with there pants. great feel, they're soft and the grey is a soft color.
The fabric is so beautiful that i am tempted to buy in a large size and have re-made. the waist is tiny. the hips are wide. when it goes to half price, i may be tempted to take it to my favorite alterations lady. the fabric is that exceptionally beautiful.
"These joggers are soo cute. they fit great!!
i seriously love them!! i have worn them so often
i may have to ban myself from them for a week.
i am 5'4 and the length was perfect for a jogger pant.
i got an xs because the small looked too baggy. 
the xs loosened up a little after wearing them and are perfect."
If i could sew, i'd take the fabric from this skirt and make it into a different shape (after ordering a bigger size). the fabric is just as it appears online -- totally gorgeous with almost a quilted feel to it. however, this thickness means the skirt sticks out like something judy jetson would wear. it's also too small in my go-to skirt size (and i order a lot at retailer). the waist and hips are small (making the skirt too short as well), but the bottom flares out ridiculously. i ordered two of
I bought these in the olive green, in the store and will be ordering the gray pair online. i am 5' 9" and 145 lbs, long legs and these are beyond adorable. some people mentioned that they stretched out? i did not find this to be true. what i do know is they can be dressed up or dressed down. they are flattering and perfect for the spring/summer. i would highly recommend and would/will purchase in every color. well done retailer!! one of my most favorite purchases so far this spring.
I love the flower patterns. they add feminine touch. this legging is well made with good quality spandex. the only cons is the color is not as deep as the picture. when you wearing it and the fabric stretched, the color looks much lighter. other than that, it's a good buy!
This top is gorgeous in both detail in color. it fit great and true to size, but then i hand washed it as instructed on the label and it shrank substantially to the point that it's now too short and needs to be returned.
"I ordered these as i was curious of hte fit on my body type (shorter, thighs)... well, it was ok, but in the end, i dind't keep them as i would be better off wearing jeans on casual day, or ""real"" joggers (as in jogging material).

cut was ok, not super flattering, but tapered pants only suit stright legs in my opinion.

material was nice enough, din'dt notice wrikling, but i didn't wwear them, jsut tried them on.
grey color was nice."
I loved the color and design of this dress but needed to return it because it fit so poorly. the arm holes are entirely too big -- so big that alternations couldn't fix it. maybe it's because i am petite but i think it may be a design flaw.
Got the black but the orange it very pretty too the black fabric has a sheen to it; almost like snakeskin. as other reviewers have mentioned, it does run small and the armholes are cut in a bit. overall it is a more interesting than a basic lbd.
The print on these leggings is so cool but they are completely see-through. i mean seriously, seriously see-through.
"Was so excited for this top! loved the embroidered detail and the teal green color. i got it in a medium and it was swimming on me. it also had a maternity type feel since there is a lot more material (making it look blousy) than showing on the model (they must have pinned it back in the stock photo).
sadly, it's going back."
I was so impressed with the style & boning on the sides for the perfect fit! it's truly a classic staple in your closet for that lbd!!
I was surprised how soft and comfy the fabric is on this top. when i tried it on, i didn't want to take it off! it's a little bigger than i would like - i got a small, and am usually between xs and s. may have sized down if the top were available.but the fit and cut are flattering.
I usually wear a size 8/10 and i needed a large in this skirt. it flows so beautifully!
I love this little number. the quality is terrific, the weight is perfect, and the cut is superb. i love the way it fits and looks in the arms. i ordered my usual xxsp and it is perfect. i like that it is cool and flowy, without looking like maternity attire. i have the bright turquoise and i am going to order another. i was about to order what looks like a yellow one, but i noticed the color is labeled "chartreuse". can anyone tell me if this is more yellow or green in "real life"?
One of 3 pair of leggings ordered and the only pair to fit properly! size l was perfect for me. they stretched nicely going on and the beautiful floral design on the legs didn't get distorted or faded looking from the stretch. wearing these makes me happy :)
These leggings are beautiful! so unusual and colorful, comfortable, and flattering. they fit true-to-size with enough stretch to move with you yet retain their shape. the fabric is a bit lighter-weight than ponte but heavy enough to be completely opaque. i would definitely recommend these beautiful leggings to anyone who doesn't mind attracting a little (envious?) attention.
I totally love this tank! the yoke detailing is so pretty! i read the other reviews...i feel it fits pretty tts, it's what i expected. i have already worn it several times since it arrived in the mail. i love it so much, i'm ordering it in the turquoise color as well. every time i have worn it, i have received compliments. i've worn it alone with shorts and/or jeans, as well as with a cardigan and dress pants for work. it's soft, comfortable and to echo what another review stated, the material s
Gorgeous cobalt blue color!!!  usually s/m- bought the small (because of larger armholes).  so glad i snatched this one up on sale!  the detail on the top is amazing.
"I like the idea of the pullover. the quality of is nice; the material is very soft and feels pleasant to the touch.

i expected this sweater to be more flattering though. it is true to size, but the length is strange. it seems a bit too long, yet is too short to look like a longer tunic. or maybe the waistline is a little low... whatever it is, it makes me look like i have short legs.

also, the collar won't stay down, the way it is shown in the picture. but it may work better for someone wi"
This dress is attractive but it runs a little small. i'm a small curvy girl who usually wears a 2. this was small in the top and short waisted. i wanted to wear it to a recent event and didn't have time to return it for another size.
"These leggings were way longer and darker then appeared on model. 
they also were see through or beige color when stretched across hip.
especially for the high cost, there are much better althleisure leggings on the market."
A lovely skirt and i'm so glad i found it before the medium sold out! having said that, i expected the medium to run small and that i'd have to squeeze into it but having tried it on this evening it's not the case at all. i nice fit. i might even have fitted into a small, which i think is the only size remaining. the skirt is very spain inspired. very flamenco! i love it! i will say that you'd need a bit of height to wear this skirt due to the length at the back. i'm 5'6" which is tall enough fo
"First, the good parts: these are adorable in person and (i think) the colors are prettier in person than in the pictures. the green isn't too army green, it's a pretty nice mellow neutral that you could wear with reds, whites, blues, pinks...virtually any color.

the tencel fabric is super soft and comfortable and the drape is nice. they do seem to run a little large, so i'd size down if you're between sizes.

and now, sadly, the bad: these stretch out virtually an entire size after just about a"
I adore these little joggers. i was immediately drawn to the color (army green) and the little details. i carry all my weight on bottom, so i don't often wear many retailer bottoms (i'm usually a 16). i tried the xl on just to see how they would work and i was pleasantly surprised! they are absolutely perfect. they fit a little baggy, as joggers do, and go with just about everything! mine did loosen a tad, but not like the previous reviewer. i highly recommend these! can't wait to wear these throu
Love this tank. it has an easy fit that hides my post baby belly with out looking to wide.
I love this blouse. the lace panels are slightly sheer, but nothing inappropriate. the solid fabric is a lovely sort of heavy crepe. stunning bright cobalt blue color. i'm an xl in retailer and this top fit well in xl; ever so slightly snug at one part on the sleeve but nothing noticeable or uncomfortable. be aware, this did bleed blue when it was soaking and it did drip blue water while it was air drying on the hanger. while this blouse is still wet i would stretch out the sides and sleeves to ge
This is a beautiful fabric and the skirt is so nice. what is wrong is the cut of the skirt. one side bells out more than the other, giving it an off center look from the front. my legs were not centered.
I so wanted to love this dress! the fabric is gorgeous the styling beautiful and the construction is great - however, the armholes are cut too generously. i am 5'4", 138 pounds and 36d. i ordered the black in a size 10. it fit me perfectly everywhere but the armholes. even with an undergarment, too much is exposed. i am sadly returning this.
"Hei hei is my favorite line. i am a medium in all of the pants i have ever purchased from this brand.
i ordered these in the green and they arrived today. they fit me as if they were an xxl. i have a similar pair in rust from last summer so i assumed that they would be the same. 
obviously they are going back tomorrow . i'm very disappointed, they are a nice looking jogger and the color is pretty."
First of all, the label on this dress is maeve, not nue by shani. second, i just wasn't impressed. the fabric is cool...it has a sort of embossed look to it and it's somewhat shiny, which sets it apart in a good way. but the cut is just boring. the top felt dowdy to me...overall, i was underwhelmed by this dress and returned it.
I was really wanting a nice white summer blouse to pair with patterned skirts. unfortunately, this fell short as it was huge. not only was it big, it flared at the bottom. it would be perfect if i was sporting a baby bump, but not what i am going for right now. if the tank was a bit slimmer i would have kept it as a tunic.i'm sad that i'll have to return it.
I wanted a casual, denim colored skirt for warmer weather without the denim weight  and this skirt fit my needs perfectly.  i'm 5'4, 117lbs and the xs fits me true to size, hitting about 1 1/2 inches above the knee. it's a more modest length for daytime but it definitely needs a slip underneath. the raw edge is subtle (no hanging threads) and unique. i can't speak to the lack of colorfastness but i washed it separately and will be mindful of the possibility .
I love this top!! the detail on front top of the top is so cute. the length is just right. i hesitated because of the unusual armhole shape but they are really not an issue. also, thanks for finding the top as it wasn't available at distribution center, went of your way!!
These leggings are beautiful and different. the material is very stretchy, sort of a spandex feel. panty lines definitely show in the back. i found they run true to size; i wear a size 6/medium/28 in pants or jeans and the size medium fit me great.
L space is frustrating. i wear a 0/2 top but with 32d's i tried a large in this bikini top because from past experience with l space they run small. there's just zero support. the tie design helps secure the girls in place, but also flattens them out if you tie it tight enough so you don't spill out.
I just purchased this tank in white and blue. i find it to be soft and will be perfect for hot days but also can wear into the fall with a cardigan. it's super comfy but i do find at retailer that it's best to try things on in the store (it's hard to find perfect sizes online since things are cut so differently based on the designer). i got a large and though it's a bit flowy in the tummy area, it fits nicely across my chest (not tight).
These were a little baggier than expected and the petite size ran long.
Great lightweight summer top that's bra friendly.  i bought the teal color yesterday and wore it today with white skinnies.    i'm sometimes a small and sometimes a medium and was fine with the small on this one
I love love this top. i was on the fence about it since it runs large and is loose fitting, very loose. i tried m, l, and xl. i usually wear xl but bought an l in this. i tried m, it was loose around the mid-section but fitted at the top. i wore them with fitted skinny pants and the top looks amazing. perfect for summer. the armholes also look flattering - not too big. i like turquoise. i didn't find yellow in the store, so bought green and white. it does need some ironing.
"This pants look pretty much exactly like the picture except these will wrinkle really easily so there is no way they will ever appear as wrinkle free as the pic.

i found the color to be exactly as seen online so i am not sure why others didn't. the material is really light weight so i think these will work well for spring.

overall cute especially for the price. if not on sale, i would not have bought them but the sale price makes these pants awesome."
This is not something i would normal wear but the beauty of the fabric made just give it a try. i am so glad i did. the fit is beautiful slimming feminine fit with just enough flow. i love it and bought it right away. you better get it before it's gone. also it is true to size, i have along torso so sometimes i have issues with jumpers but not this one.
These undergarments are comfortable, streamlined, and well made. this bra holds up well without wires. i am a 34b and wear a small. it is a bit tight at first, but form fits after one wear. . after trying one bra and i ordered 4 more. then i researched the brand and bought camis to match. i love how all the colors and styles are interchangeable.
"I tried this jumpsuit on in the store and loved it but decided to wait on purchasing it. after it went on sale i jumped on it because i new i would regret not buying it. 

i am tall but most of my height is from my long legs, not in my torso. i seldom find jumpsuits that fit my frame but his one fits perfectly. the fabric is very ""flowey"" and does not wrinkle. the overall design of this jumpsuit is slightly but not overly baggy. the pattern and pleating make it a perfect item for spring and su"
I fell in love with this dress the instant i saw it. but was disappointed when i received it. first was the color. i chose the green and it wasn't what i thought. it was a very unnatural shade of artificial grass. when my husband saw it in the package he thought i had ordered a cheap grass hula skirt. the color was that bad. the fit was the next problem. this dress would have fit nicely if they had just added a side zip and made the top more fitted. the top was loose and that added to the flowy
I love this jumpsuit and definitely feel too confident in it! the fabric is a great weight- flowy, but still substantial enough. with nude undergarments, i can't see anything. in fact, that is one of the things i love; no special undergarments are required, so it is very comfortable and still very flattering. i typically wear a medium- 135 pounds, 5'4", 34b, 28 waist, 40 hip. i tried the small after seeing some reviews that it ran big. i would have bought it, but the salesperson suggested i try
Runs large in arm holes. have to wear bandeau. love this print and flow of dress. loose but still flattering due to arms and shoulders . love the overall look. midi length for this 5'6.5" gal. size s worked best -36c-125lbs
I was so excited to splurge on a mara hoffman suit and was sorely disappointed when i received this suit in the mail. i'm petite and fairly curvy, so i knew it would likely be a little long in the torso but the whole suit was so oddly shaped, i couldn't imagine anyone it would fit. the square shape in between the halter pieces is awkward, and the pieces that are supposed to hold your chest are super wide and loose.
I love this dress. it is so soft and comfortable, perfect for summer!! i wish it came in more colors because i would buy everyone!!
Like other reviewers, i'm glad i sized down. this is a cute tunic that is definitely great quality, lightweight chambray. i love that it has pockets, but they do puff a bit at my hips.
This is the perfect bralette for comfort; it's soft and fits to form really quickly. i wear a b cup, and it's enough support for me to wear daily doing everything other than heavy exercise. now, at 5 months pregnant it's pretty much perfect to sleep in too. i'm at 35 band, and i'm still wearing it on the loosest closure, but it fits perfectly there for me.
I really wanted this. they had two size small in my local retailer, both were damaged. so disappointing. i don't want to pay shipping for one that hopefully isn't damaged:( in the last year i've had multiple quality control issues with retailer. makes me gun shy. not sure i'm getting what i pay for anymore.
I followed the advice of other reviewers and sized down from a s to xs. i was worried about the length of the torso since i'm long in that area, but the xs still worked great. it's a totally adorable jumpsuit with a nice fit. my biggest peeve with this was that it came dirty on the hems...like it had been dragged on the ground somewhere. unfortunately, there were no more xs online once i got it though, so i will keep and try to clean. this is not the first time in recent months that i have recei
This dress looks better in person. nice navy with subtle pattern - looks super cute with a really lightweat pale yellow sweater! i thought that wiastband area would hit in a funky spot (my problem area) but it doesnt and looks great. super comfortable and i love this neckline. also has a decent lining so no bra necessary if youre cool with that. i have packed on some "after 50" lbs and wear a 12-14 shirt and 10-12 pant and the large is roomy enough.i received a number of compliments and let's fa
I received this dress as a gift and it has become such a great addition to my wardrobe! i love that i can wear it to work and then out with friends. a great value if you're looking for one special piece that you can get miles out of - you can wear the two pieces separate or together. i love floral and felt this non traditional take on a floral was very refreshing.
This would be perfect if only it were lined!!!! i have a high waist and hourglass shape so jumpers are very hard to find that fit my body type. this is a perfect fit for my body shape and when on, it looks like a lovely dress. however, it is not lined and the material is very light and ivory so you see everything. you can't wear a slip so that leaves the option of some sort of bodysuit if you don't want to show the world what you have. i am very tired of all of the light colored clothing not bei
Simply awesome. wonderful fit and flatters any body type. looks great booties, flats, or flip flops. must have ...
Although it may not look like it takes on a shape - what a wonderfully flattering jumper. was intrigued from seeing it in the catalog and had to try it on in the store -- i was unsure how the middle would appear. but it fit, wonderfully feminine, looking forward to the summer.
I had been eyeing these for a while, but as they didn't seem very popular, i figured i'd wait for a sale. i finally bought them at the 40% off of sale price (yay!) and i love them. they're extremely comfortable, and very flattering. i'd say they run true to size, but maybe on the smaller end of the size for the waist. the blue pants are more greenish in color than the picture shows, but still beautiful. i'm looking forward to wearing these now and into the spring.
I loooove this. my favorite retailer purchase in a while and i buy frequently. ran out of s p while in my basket (there are never enough petites available) so i got the medium. it is big but with this style i can pull it off. it does run a bit large so a s would have been perfect. please make this in more colors/fabrics! i would buy them all!
Easy and fun jumper. runs slightly large. i ordered a medium and returned for a small. can be dressed up or down for a variety of occasions. would be perfect if it had pockets.
This is such a pretty dress. light and flowy. i got it to wear on hot summer days.
I loved this jumpsuit. it fit well on my curvier/athletic frame. i did prefer a belt, which emphasized my shape. unfortunately, it is not lined and a bit sheer. this was a deal breaker for me.
I have been dying to try a mara hoffman bathing suit, so i went for this one. unfortunately, the design of the bathing suit is not like what they sent me. the middle where the tops meets the bottom, is squared off, not like that v that it looks like in this photo. it also makes for major side boob/sagging on each side. i was very disappointed.
This dress was pretty but had a weird fit. the waist droops down in the middle instead of going straight across, which i found unflattering. i ended up returning it.
I was unsure about this dress when i first tried it on. the color is gorgeous, it is flowy and beautiful. it hits just below the knee (i am tall), which is something i am not used to. i hadn't decided on it, but my husband loves it and that's all that matters! it is very feminine and pretty. i normally wear a 0, but ordered a 00- it fits just slightly loose, which is the style this dress is going for.
I love these pants. i have them in navy and carbon. the navy color seems to run bigger than the carbon. they are very loose like a boyfriend pant in navy. they loosen up as the day goes on as well. super comfy and great for running errands and taking my little one to the park. i can look cute and feel comfy and i can give my yoga pants a break.
These are super soft and relaxed. i have them in navy and lavender. i am 5'6" and 130 lbs. and ordered them in a 28, which fits loosely, but comfortably.
Was so thrilled to receive my dress in the mail. its just what i was looking for, for my staple summer dress. i love how i can wear it with or without the sweater top, and even can pair just the sweater top with my high-waisted shorts!
I really wanted to like his dress, but it was a big miss. big big miss. look at the way the skirt is attached to the dress in the photo. it goes up high on the sides leaving a short bodice. the sequined patterns hit right at my breasts, so it looked like glittery bra cups on the front. the back glittery pattern looked like bird wings on my back. it was far shorter than i expected. overall, it looked like i was desperately trying to be a sexy angel or fairy. bad bad bad.
Great fabric but unfortunately it did not look good on me. maybe on a tall person, i'm only 5'4". really wanted to like this...
The dress is cute, but i'm somewhat concerned that it will be sheer in the sunlight. i guess we'll have to wait and see!
I tried this on in the store in a regular medium and the size was fine, just the length. fortunately retailer will ship for free if you need a petite! i'm so excited to get this. i'm 5'1 and a bit busty, and the medium fit perfect. its very flattering and so comfortable! perfect for a hot summer day. or as the cute clerk in the store had it styled with a cropped jean jacket and a fun necklace. the styling idea's are endless. i'm waiting by the mailbox for it to arrive!
This runs really large. i love it! sold out of xs p and xxs p... go figure :( size down if you are slim.
Bought this for my daughter. it's adorable on her. we're going to take it in at the waist so it doesn't look so sack-like; then it'll be perfect!
"I was disappointed with this jumpsuit. when i first saw it in the store, i thought i was going to love it. when i tried it on, the first issue is the fabric is too sheer. i could completely see the outline of my underwear and bra. it also runs way too big! i know the bottom is supposed to be loose and flowy, but the waist needs to be more tapered to off set that, and it's so baggy. the arm holes are also cut very low, so when you lift your arms you can see most of your bra on the sides 
i wante"
Perfect for the summer weddings that i am attending. i am 5-1, 119#, 32dd and usually a sp. i tried on a regular s and xs in the store, and the s was huge. i ended up ordering the regular xs instead of the petite xs when the 20% off sale hit because i liked the extra length. great bra coverage...it is not too long at the armholes, or too low in the back. i will take it up a bit in the top seams just so it doesn't have quite so much decolletage, but it is wearable as is. this is much more of a ro
A sales associate found this for me at my local retailer. i probably would have never thought to try it on. i am 5'1'' and normally a size 8 or a medium. the size small was still too large, so i ordered a size small petite. it fits perfectly, looks adorable on, and is so comfortable. i can't wait for the warm weather to wear it!
This is a lovely piece, with great shape and details. i think it would really stand out at events. i ended up returning it. i don't have much occasion for cocktail dresses. i had trouble sending it back. it has a slip with the sheer overlay. the slip seemed a bit tight at the bottom hem for the shape of the dress.
This was so unflattering. the bust was too high so it hit me weird on the boobs. the green was a beautiful, vibrant color but the fabric is so delicate that one wrong move would cause a snag.
I opened the package and the dress is two pieces. it is the skirt part with an orange cami top that the sweater goes over. the sweater was too short for me, as i am busty and would not work. i ordered my normal size and the band around the rib cage did not go from side to side so i didn't try it on.
Just purchased this- love how light and airy it is. perfect for throwing on on a warm summer day. it is soft and comfy, but it does run pretty large. i am normally a m, and in this the m was swimming on me. i purchased the s, and still loose and flowy. i wore a strapless bra with it, but will also try a bandeau or tank top.
I'm very picky about jumpers, and this one is abolutely perfect! i love how it looks like a dress at first glance. it runs a little big because of the oversized fit it is supposed to have, i sized down because of the armpit area. nude garments and you'll be fine. this is going to sell out fast, don't wait for it to go on sale! (seriously my store is already out of xs's)
Nice flowing summer sun dress. i was looking for something very simple and put a colorful kimono over. it. i put a bando under it. i think this dress can be for all ages as my friend in her 20s bought and loves this dress as well.
I am 5'-7" and 135 lbs, i bought a medium petite as i wanted the dress to hit at my knees, instead of midi. this dress is easily 2 sizes bigger than expected. the pattern was not flattering on my although i'm sure it would be for others. i was happy with the length...
This is one of those dresses that is just "nice" and can be one that you go to in a pinch.... it flows very nicely and you can dress it up and down. it's not the best quality in fabric...but if it was all silk you would have paid 3xs. i like it, it fits well...it's not outstanding or unusual. i think it is a bit pricey for what you get...but, it's a "work horse" dress...it will do you right whenever you need it to!
This jumpsuit is the epitome of what i love about retailer! unique and absolutely beautiful. i love how it flows and on my petite frame when paired with heels makes me look taller. hopefully the designs for spring/summer are just as beautiful and comfortable as this piece. i plan to rock this with a cute belt and a bolo jacket.
"I loved this dress from the moment i saw it! i ordered it immediately, after reading the reviews, and felt confident in my dress size choice...but when it arrived it was big! i am 5'7"" 140lbs with an athletic build and i usually wear a 6 or 8 in dresses, so usually a small but sometimes a medium...because if this ""in between"" that i am, i ordered a small...and it was really too big. so sad...incalled a bunch of stores to try and find an xs but they are sold out everywhere.
style is fun and flir"
This dress is great. it appears just as it does online. its soft, flowy and a thin chambray material. the straps are adjustable which makes it a good fit for all women. i am fuller in my hips and toosh and this dress fell beautifully over them. i tried a large (i normally do l or xl in retailer dresses) and there was plenty of room! i would have probably liked the xl more just because i prefer things oversized. the dress is a midi length, very breezy and airy. its extremely comfortable and very fl

I was worried at first that the metal leaves would come off easily. i was pleasantly surprised after a day at disneyland, i don't think i lost even one of them. this dress is super fancy but very comfy.
These jeans have been the best pair of jeans i have ever worn. you could practically sleep in them, they are so comfortable, brushed softness, and stretch easily. they hug your body in a flattering way, that these jeans are worth the money spent, as you'll have them for a while.
I'd been eyeing this for months, loving the look but afraid it'd be too young for me (i'm 58). i tried it on in the store and loved it, with one caveat: it hangs rather like a sack, so i think it needs a belt for waist definition. with a belt, it looks great. my measurements are 38-30-38 and i wear a medium. oh, and contrary to what other reviewers have said, i don't find that the fabric is too thin or transparent.
I really wanted to love this dress. i bought it for a photoshoot that will be outdoors, and thought that the green color would be perfect. it is well made, but the fabric is lighter than expected. the biggest issues was the size. i am 5'7" and typically a size ten. i ordered the ten and it fit like a 14-16. it was huge. if you order this, i would say size down two sizes.
Great fit. smooth, comfortable material. wrinkles, but nothing an iron can't fix. beautiful colors, i got both the teal and the black.
This dress is beautiful and would make an excellent party dress for winter. it is well made and the details are pretty. however the waist is cut in sort of a scallop shape, so it is higher on the sizes and dips down in the middle over the stomach. i wear a size l or 10 in dresses at retailer, and it just did not flatter my body type at all. for a thinner, narrow silhouette, i suppose it would look better, like it does on the model. i had to return it.
"I tried this on in the store last night and decided to order it today. it is a really beautifully made and flattering dress, with very interestingly cut seams. the fabric is a distinctive flower pattern that has been overlaid to appear almost abstract. gorgeous and high quality!

fit: i am 5'6"" and curvy, usually a size 14/16, and the xl fits quite roomy on me (that's the size i ordered because i like flowy things). so it definitely runs large. usually i have better luck with a-line dress shap"
I bought this dress for its green color and flowy design to wear at an irish fest held in the hot summer. it's perfect! being of irish descent with red hair and fair skin, i love all shades of green, and this green dress is no exception. the color is lovely and eye-catching and cool. as to the sizing, i usually wear a size 8, but to make sure due to the design, i ordered an 8 and a 6. there wasn't a great difference between the two dresses, but the size 6 top was a bit more fitted and looked bet
I just bought this at the store. i simply couldn't resist! it is very light and comfortable and could easily be dressed up or dressed down, sandals and a crossbody bag for exploring the city, strappy healed sandals and some flashy jewelry for a garden party or day event, slip on booties and a cardigan for the evening. can't wait to rock it. in terms of sizing, i am 5'5 150 with 36dd bust and some hips and booty. usually i am a size 6-8/m in dresses and pants but in true retailer style, i ended up
Great jumpsuit ! even better "in person"; elegant and stylish. i'am 5'7 and 165lb , m fits perfectly! material is not see- throug ( that was my biggest concern). sooo happy that i got it.
I purchased this in the mauve color. beautiful color with tan skin for the summer, but also perfect for fall. the material is very thin but not sheer at all. has quite a bit of drape/swing to it so i sized up to make sure it was long enough. it fits me like it fits the model shown here. i am about 5'4" 115lbs and 32b and am keeping the small.
I originally ordered this in green, and unlike another reviewer, i thought the color was perfect for spring. it is trendy, flattering and fun in green, but perhaps not a color i would wear long-term, so i decided to return it and order it in red and black. i also noted the boxy cut, and if that is what you want, it runs true to size. however, if, like me, you want something a little more form fitting, consider ordering down a size or two (depending on your chest size,) and just carefully shimmy
Beautiful dress. good quality. tts. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. ordered my small petite. no issues. however, the green is very bright. the deal killer for me was when my hub said it looked like a starbucks barista's apron! it's going back. i marked yes if you plan on purchasing a black dress it's a yes.
I tried this on in the store - i tried regular medium which was way too big except in the chest where it was really tight. the material was a little itchy on me (but maybe its because the chest was tight). the color is lovely (pink). im sure someone will love it but if you are petite, i would order the petite and maybe size up if you are busty.
I tried these on at my local retailer, and was like, no way am i spending almost $300 on a pair of jeans. alas, i could not stop thinking about them. the pictures really don't do them justice. they are a more substantial jean, have a distressed look, without being fragile. and yet they are so soft, so comfortable, you really just don't want to take them off. they do have a bit of stretch, but hold their shape all day long. the length and taper are perfect, in that you can wear them with boots, san
I love this dress, i disagree with the review saying it was too sheer. this is a thicker material and doesnt need a slip, it is beautiful and is so comfy. it looks good with heels or sandals. i definately recommend this dress, it would look good on any body type.
This top is cute and could be worn to work or casually. being tall, i love how long this shirt is! definitely recommend!
I purchased the gorgeous green color. i love that i can wear this with leggings and sandals in warm weather or boots and scarves when it's cooler outside. the best thing is that it has pockets to slip my phone in! the color is very flattering and i get lots of compliments when i wear it!
I bought the blue pattern and really have found this print to be very fun and flattering and the tunic style great for work and play. highly recommend!!!
Like a baby doll top, with almost an empire waist going on.  feels comfortable and super flowy. i got a size m and i swing between m and l in most brands. the button stitching are a bit loose and will fray after some wears, i can tell. but i'm borderline on taking it back still because there are hidden side pockets! crazy--like it was a fluke or something. would fit a piece of paper or tissues. not keys or phones though.
This is a beautiful sweater -- soft, lovely color and easy to wear. the current photo is more true to the length. i am 5'2" and 128 pounds and ordered the regular sm and it fits just below my hips.
I'm 5"0" and weigh 105 lbs. i purchased the xxs and it was super-wide, and big all over. it looked like a pregnancy top and did not lay as nicely as shown on the model. also, not shown on the model is the front is short and the back is very long. this would work better on a taller person. i just find it odd that a xxs is still too big. the quality of the fabric and the print is good and the lace-up in the back is cute.
Like other reviewers i was hesitant to spend this much on a pair of jeans. however, i purchased them at  20% off on retailer day and...honestly...they look so good i probably would have paid full price. these jeans are fresh!
After reading the reviews, i ordered this dress in an xs and sp. i'm 5' 3" and 120 lbs. the xs was too long and too big on the bottom while being too tight in the chest. the sp fits perfectly. i'm wearing this to a wedding and know that i will get lots of use out of it for many different occasions.
I always look for things to hide "parts" without making my "parts" look even more pronounced. this top is much cuter in person than online. it has floral edging around the neck and lace up area i didn't notice. the length is perfect, the sleeve length is perfect and it makes me feel thin (even though it has stripes!). perfect spring summer top.
"Fit is true to size but keep in mind this dress has a ""box-like"" fit. i am debating whether to have mine taken in a little under the arms.
the material isn't what i expected but i still love it. the dress has a more textured/thick fabric instead of the light, somewhat silky fabric that the photo portrays.
i am very happy with the color!"
This shirt is easy, breezy, comfy, and stylish - everything i want as a busy mom. all the patterns are beautiful it i went with the blue motif as well as the floral print because they felt fun and easy to wear with jeans or white pants. this definitely fit a full size large for me. i tried my usual s plus xs thinking the shoulders might be too tight, but the xs was perfect. happy to have this beauty in the rotation!
I've been eyeing this top up in the floral pattern for a while and finally ordered it when i had 15% off. i really don't think it's worth the price and it's not very flattering. i think it would look better on someone less busty - it seemed to accent my bust. it's definitely not my favorite piece and unfortunately i will be returning.
This is my first pair of realllly expensive jeans, and they were worth every penny. i love the fit, the distressing, everything about them. they make me feel like i look amazing, which is what good jeans should do! i wear a 31 in pilcro jeans, but based on some reviews went up to a 32 in these and they are perfect. also, i'm 5'6 but the crop length hits at my ankle, which is perfect.
Shortened it to knee length and it was perfect. material is soft. comfortable to wear. can be paired with wedges or pumps or flats. fits true to size.
Super cute and flattering shirt, the long tunic-style makes it so you can dress it up or down, so cute and comfy!
It looks great on the model but not on me. on me, it looked more like a sack of potatoes. the fabric is unexpected for the style in my opinion. it is very thick. i'll be returning it because it is not flattering on me.
This shirt is just so easy breezy! i got the blue motif and love the pattern. the top is loose but it's supposed to fit that way. i have a feeling this will be my go to for the spring summer! i'm about 136lbs and ordered a small.
This dress looked gorgeous in the monthly catalog. ordered in hopes to wear in easter. i felt it was frumpy and just ok. color was pretty but overall; i didn't love it like i hoped to.
If there ever was the perfect feminine dress, this would be it .
I'm small (4'11, 98 pounds and 34a) so the regular xs looks like a baby doll dress on me.  i just wear the tunic with a tank top underneath (or i can wear the tunic by itself) and leggings plus a pair of boots.  the top part is slightly baggy so if you want tight fitting, is size down to xxs.  i got the yellow flower and white + grey one and plan to get the navy one soon.  the quality is good and you can machine wash it with cold water.  i plan to use a tide sweater garment bag to wash it (i put
I had reservations about this top based on other reviews, but it looked cute on the model so i took my chances. i have an athletic build--not model-thin, but not dumpy either--and this top made me look very frumpy and matronly. the sleeves were especially unflattering. i purchased it in an ps and might have done better with a pxs.
I ordered the black and it was a soft black, which i loved. i felt like the shirt was a little boxy (i was hoping the top would have been a bit more fitted (the arm holes are loose) and the bottom a little longer, but i like it enough that i am keeping it. works well to wear to work.
I usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, ordered this top in an s and it was so wide on the sides and huge it fit like a tent.  not even remotely flattering.  i thought about ordering it in an xs, however, i could tell the xs was still going to have way too much fabric.  back it goes.
I initially purchased this shirt in the grey motif color, size l (my usual size, i'm 5'8" size 14). unfortunately i found the shirt very roomy, but loved the pattern and style. so i ordered a medium and much to my surprise it fit much better. i'm very happy with my purchase.
I bought the dress in black. it is very elegant with a fun flare, suits my taste. it does run a size too small like other reviewer mentioned. the material has no give at all. i couldn't breathe in my regular size. one size up fits like a glove. it is a perfect party dress to show your free and fun spirit!
I agree with the previous comments. the vest runs a little large, so you can easily size down for a more form-fitting fit. it is so soft and the colors are lovely ... will be a welcome addition when the weather turns a little cooler. i am so glad i purchased this vest!
Fit great - maybe a bit large....i bought a l (typically i go between a large and extra large) and there is room to put a thick sweater on underneath it.  this goes with just about everything!
I am a solid size 6 in most brands, top and bottom, 5'3" tall, 125#. i have long legs, short torso, and fairly broad shoulders - i almost never wear petite sizes.however, this top in the regular small size could be a maternity dress on me! i am literally swimming in it, and it is quite long. however, i can still make it work, with a cami underneath and leggings or skinny jeans... i like it, did not return, and will buy another color, but will go with petite x-small in the future.
This top is such a great color and style. i did have to go a size down, as i typically wear a medium. the style is very forgiving. it looks great with shorts and jeans! it's staple!
I just bought this top yesterday in the yellow. i can't wait until it warms up a little more to wear it. it's very comfortable and very cute. i did have to size down. i may get one of the other prints as well.
I ordered the yellow/floral version in size xl. it fits me just as shown with the model so it's true to size. it's very comfortable and made well. the floral looks the same in person as in the photos too.
I love this dress!! it has a beautiful european flair, and more beautiful in person. i don't agree with the other reviewers that its see through-the fabric is a good quality, and thicker than you would think. the variable length is the best part of the dress. the color looks beautiful with a tan summer glow!
Got the flower print and it is really a nice top. covers the butt!. i normally need a xl, but in this top i got a large.
I love the idea, and color, very flattrering and easy to trhrow on, however, i need the petite in this one, and they sold out in the neutral color. it looks too big in eregular sizing, and since it combines xs/s, it is made slightly bigger. material is soft enough.
I received this in the mail a few days ago, and was so pleased with it except that it was huge! i am normally a 10/12 in most things so i ordered a large. i was swimming in it in all areas - shoulders and bust bothered me most because i need a waist on shirts so i don't look larger than i am. i liked it enough to o ahead and order a size down. i ordered a medium and medium petite because the top is quite long and i think i could get away with wearing it with leggings or tights if i were looking
I have received so many compliments on this top. it really looks exactly like it does on the model, and i'm not as thin as she is. i am 5'5" and 134 lbs,, small on top, and bought the small in this top. the v-neck is very flattering and is hangs so nicely that it does not make me look hippy. looks great from all views. i paired it with white pencil pants and wedge heels. also, the black lace detail down the sides looked great when i paired it with black yoga pants and flip flops. the colors are
Everyone has said it, so i'll just add my two cents - this is a great, soft, flattering top. i bought two, one in white and one in black, and i have never worn them without getting compliments. i sometimes wear them buttoned up, and sometimes completely unbuttoned to expose tanks or bathing suits. (i live in florida, and these tops make great beach cover ups). i am 5'7" and over 160 but not busty, and the medium was swimming on me, but i think this particular shirt is supposed to be that way. su
Perfect party dress - well constructed, bra hidden at arms and on top, what more can you ask for? i felt like betty draper the moment i put it on. i'm normally a 6, but the 4 (while fitted) looked amazing and didn't pull.
I love this shirt! it hides my tummy perfectly without being too baggy! super cute!!
I wanted to love this top, but it unfortunately did not work for me. the material has a nice weight and feel to it, and while i love the pattern, the shape leaves something to be desired. the cap sleeves were a little tight on my arms, and the cut of the sleeves made my arms look big. the body of this shirt reminded me of a loose maternity top. for reference, i am 5'10" 140 lbs and typically a size 6. i wear a small in retailer clothes, and got a small in this top. i think an xs would have been to
The fabric is wonderful, flows nicely and soft. i am 5'7", 145lbs and usually wear between a s and m. i ordered a s in this due to the majority of reviews and found it to fit my shoulders well and length was fine. after reading the reviews i was so excited to get it but for me it actually made me look larger. there was too much material for me on the bottom and it actually made me look like i had a "pooch", never a good thing. i thought of returning for a m as i thought maybe it would have hung
I bought the tangerine version of this dress for my brother's summer wedding in the south, and i can't wait to wear it. cotton material has a touch almost like linen, but not rough. nice and hearty fabric. tangerine color is beautiful, more salmon than coral. wearing it with a little shoulder shrug and the laika inca shoes?the shoes aren't on the retailer site anymore, but i found them at my local store. just perfect.
I purchased this top in white. it is see through so i wear a tank or cami underneath. i usually wear xs or s in retailer tops and in this one, i purchased the xs, but wish i had bought a s. the problem is the top is just small enough to pull slightly between the top two buttons. for reference, i am 5'6, weigh 128 lbs, 34b bra size, 28 jean size, and small boned. i currently carry most of my weight in my hips and waist. my normal weight is 110-112 lbs and i add this to point out that i am out of sh
Picture definitely does not do this vest justice.  i saw it on a rack and had to try on and instantly loved the look and feel.  i am 5'9" - 135 lbs - size 6 and the small works for me.  the vest will work with ivory, black, grey, and red underneath.  i love the little bits of fur sticking out of the seams.  the back has fitted seams to give it a trim look.  there are small pockets in the front as well.  definitely worth the 108$ asking price.
"This dress is great! it fits true to size and the pockets are very unnoticable!
my only note is that the first picture of the dress show the dress to be a bit darker than the actual dress. the dress colour more closely resembles that of the other two photos."
I'm very pale, and on me the rose color looked really washed out. the catalog photo is not an accurate representation. look at the product shot for a truer representation. it's slightly see-through and was too close to the color of my skin. i think it would look delicious on someone who has darker skin, though.
I purchased this in 2 colors. the black which is really actually a dark grey( no complaints) and the cream with black print version. i have worn both at least once a week and receive compliments everytime! looks great with skinny pants or jeans. great alone or layered with a jacket or cardigan. does run on the looser side fyi
I ordered this dress in the blood orange and have a few complaints. while it appears to be made with quality, it runs really large. also, in the picture the fabric appears to have a sheen and be somewhat dressy. the actual fabric is just flat cotton. it's a very casual dress, not as dressy as pictured. it's also quite shapeless on. i'm returning it.
This is my favorite dress i have ever purchased. as a 6' tall woman, it's hard to find flattering dresses that are long enough for my legs. this dress is classic, comfortable, and truly flattering. i love the blush color and did not have the issues that other people listed for the color being see-through. i can't get enough of this style...i'll be buying it in black too...ooopss :)
This dress was not what i had hoped! from the online pictures, i had high hopes, but the fit was really wonky and the material seemed cheap. the arm holes were too big and made the dress seem more like a bathing suit cover up than a classy summer dress. needless to say, it's going back!
"Bought this top in white and blue motif. it fits me great and looks adorable. the only comment is that the holes for the buttons are a little too big but it's an easy fix.
this top looks great dressed up or down. would definitely recommend!"
Just purchased this yesterday in the store and i can't wait to wear it! it is a perfect spring/summer top when you just want to wear something pretty and comfortable! i agree that it is big but that is the style of this shirt. so if you're ok with this look, you will love this shirt! i took my usual medium and the prints are adorable! a great addition to my wardrobe!
Love this shirt. tried it on in 2 of the colors and both were very flattering. the quality of the shirt is great. worth the price for sure!
Love this top! i receive so many compliments wearing it, even from my teenage boys! runs large, but that's the style of it, very flowy. very flattering.
I loved this top in the blue and wanted so badly for it to fit however it was very unflattering on my 5'7" frame. the bottom hemline is straight across all around whereas i thought it was longer in the back. i could see this looking great on a really petite frame. runs large, xs fit however wasn't flattering
"Didn't work on this curvy gal.
sizing up would have helped with the button gaps, but the flowy shape of the blouse would have looked too maternity on a larger size.
major pass."
The rose color is lighter than the photo of the model in front of the pink building, but on the other photos it does look lighter so i wasn't surprised.  my dress fits very nicely. i love the drop waist, the loose fit at the hips, and the flare of the ruffles.  the back is just like the model too. i thought it may be boxy but it comes in at the waist and goes a-line. perfect. i ordered the xl because it wanted it to be loose like on the model.  i was afraid because of my large dd chest it would
I am so happy i purchased this top in 2 colors while it was on sale. i have the navy/white pattern and the green. both are vibrant and fun. i'm 8 months pregnant and these fit me currently. i can see them being a great top for post baby and on as well. i'll probably layer this in the fall and winter with a chambray jacket or a loose knit sweater. my only complaint (which is why i gave 4 stars) the top button comes undone very easily. it also pulls a bit at the top 2 buttons, but i may be able to
I'm so short that this could be a dress! runs a little big, but very forgiving. the green color is so vibrant! love love love!
"This light blouse is beautiful and true to size. i ordered the black one and love it!
i would recommend this product"
Stopped in to my local retailer today specifically for this top. i was pleasantly surprised - the green is even more vibrant in person! just gorgeous. typically a size small but based on reviews tried on the extra small. still a tad roomy but portland doesn't carry petite sizing aaaaandidon'twanttopayforshipping... remedy that, retailer portland!
Wanted to like this top but it looks terrible and does not lay right. the bust line is not tight enough to contrast the rest of the top being flowy. does not give any shape to the body. do not recommend for anyone with a medium to large chest.
This sweater poncho is a nice versatile piece to wear in the fall. wear a blouse or tee under for extra warmth for the maine winters. love the side buttons and the uniqueness of this poncho. true to size, great color. lot's of compliments.
"Love this top. bought it in both color ways. just adorable and washes well. great option for larger ladies. 
retailer needs to provide more xls to be available in the stores. i shop at the pasadena store and see so many women my size shopping right next to me, and there is nothing for us. it is so sad that we want to spend our money with you, but you don't want it."
Like the extra details on the neck and back - and it's versatile to wear everywhere
Agree with other contributer - this is a great piece to snag on sale. i bought this 2 months post partum with the intention of hiding the post baby belly - which is does well! i think it fits true to size (i'm typically l and this l fit well). i can see how certain body types it would look maternity, but i'm short and curvy and the blouse is flattering. it's lightweight, so i plan to add a cardigan in the fall/winter.
"This dress is a bit scratchy, but overall i liked the fabric well enough. on someone blond and fair, the peach color washes out a bit. the issue for me with the dress is that front is just too short for my height (i'm 5 9 1/2). it looked a bit obscene. 

the small otherwise fit me great. i have broad shoulders, small chest and and slim."
This beauty arrived in my store today...and despite all my gals telling me that i own too many vests, i just had to have this one. i've always wanted a cozy fur or sherpa vest...but i'm curvy and always feel like those add bulk. this one only has sherpa on one side (the softest most cozy sherpa ever) and its not too bulky! the print is even better than it appears online...in fact, the vest almost appears pink online, and its not in person. there is much more variation in color in person! i adore
I love swing tops. the more swingy, the better! this top is so fun. its a little hard to tell online, but its made of two fabrics. most of the fabric is a thin t-shirt material, and then theres a panel on one side thats more of a silky fabric. its so so cool! the colors are just as they appear online, and the print is fun and edgy. i have larger arms, so i love the length of the sleeves. the other reviewer said it was cropped, but i did not have that experience. in fact i was able to wear mine w
I really wanted to love this dress. two lovely associates paired it with the desideria bib necklace and the black dakota cardigan, which gives the outfit definition and elegance. but the dress by itself would have needed altering to fit my 34-b top. i chose size m because of the length-- the small was 1 1/2 " shorter in front (i am 5'8") in the end, i realized i would probably choose my other favorites from my closet. but it will be stunning on the right person.
I read all the reviews and was hoping that this top would work for me, but it did not. i ordered a size smaller than usual and it was still way too big. it was not flattering at all on my curvy frame. overall, it looked more like a maternity top on me then anything else! if you're tall and slender, i think this top would work!
I'm still on the fence with this shirt. i have the grey - it almost looks like a cheetah design up close. i'm 5'3"
"I love this dress - originally ordered the medium, which is my normal size, especially because i am tall. the arm holes were gaping, and so i returned for the small. the small is perfect. it fits exactly as on the model, and i didn't have a problem with the color being see-through. it really is so unique but so simple. the color is perfect. 

i took a single star off because it is not lined - for the price, this would have been nice."
This is a cute top, especially the material design. i like tops that go over my bottom and this does. if i had a problem it is with the sizing. the fact that it was only online so i could not try it on made it difficult to know really what size to get. some reviews said it was true to size and others said go down a size. i did go down a size but it still hangs a little big. but i still love the overall look. i am also petite which is what i ordered.
"Cute white t-shirt different style but didn't work on my body type so i returned it 
 good price point 
 basic fabric"
Nice, flowy, comfy top with soft fabric. there's a lot of fabric below the waist - it could probably work as a maternity top - but it drapes nicely rather than looking overwhelming. i do find that the buttons gap a little at the chest, despite the top fitting loosely on me, so i have to wear a layer under it.
"I've been on the hunt for the perfect dress to wear for my daughter's first birthday party. since we are throwing a traditional korean first birthday, i was looking for a dress you might wear to a daytime wedding or a fancy brunch. i just purchased this dress today in the store and it fits my needs perfectly. 

i disagree with the first reviewer who mentioned that this dress was too sheer. this dress is a thicker fabric so i do not think i will need a slip when wearing it. it does drape nicely"
I absolutely love this shirt! even though it has a large flowy design it looks wonderful. the print is so unique and will transition to autumn beautifully! i loved it so much i got both colors.
I would describe the color as more blush. the fabric does not have a sheen as in the model picture. the fit is much cuter on than hanging. i'm a 36c and the extra small is just a bit tight in the bust, otherwise i like the fit everywhere else. i'm going to order a small and see how it fits. at 5' 3" it's also longer on me than on the model but not a deal breaker. looks kind of 1920's vintage on. my fabric is not see through it's more of a twill fabric but not quite as heavy as that.
"I agree with the other reviewer that the color isn't as pink in person and more subtle. my thoughts below on some other things:
__________
pros:
- pockets! makes it so fun and chic with the overall style.
- the material is lovely and breathable. i didn't find it sheer at all! of course, i didn't wear it outside the dressing room. the material is thicker but it hangs on the body well.
- runs ""mostly"" tts. i only tried on the medium and it fit everywhere being slightly tighter in the chest. i"

This shirt is so very pretty in person. the detail on the neckline and the lace up on the back are so cute and give the shirt just a bit of whimsy, making it more unique than your usual flowy t-shirt. it lays perfectly and the material is very soft and comfy. you can wear it casual or dress it up. i may get another one because this is the kind of shirt i will wear constantly!
I bought two, one in white and one in blue print and wore the blue print top once and loved it. then i washed it according to the instructions on the tag (in cold gentle cycle and hung to dry). it shrunk up 4" in the length and 2" in the width and now it doesn't fit at all. also, after one wear, the buttons are coming off (before i even put it in the wash) and it's covered in loose threads. the quality is just not there. i'm going to return both and show the sales lady the difference in size on
I usually wear a size 28 & the fit was perfect. highly recommend, many compliments.
I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it in store. i tried it on immediately and knew i had to have it. it fits a little big -- definitely size down. but other than that, i have never felt more beautiful than when i wear this. the color is a perfect blush pink and the drop waist/tiered skirt make you feel downright bridal when wearing it, despite it being the perfect fabric for day. i find that this dress is perfect for those days at work when i have an event later.. it can be dre
....that's what i look like wearing this dress. a sad, sad, sack. the fabric is less than ideal, and there is no shape to speak of. i love that it has pockets but that's about it. there was just way too much fabric for a petite person. this dress has got to be good on someone, sadly that person was not me.
This is a such a cute top. can be dressed up for work or worn more casually. very flattering. i'm 5'6" and 125lb. i was borderline between the xs and s but ended up with the s because it was a tad longer and more 'tunic-y.' bought two colors!
I loved this top so much i bought it in both colors. size down because it run very large, but it is nice and flowy. i'm 5'11" and slim and the top hung nicely on me.
I wanted to love this, was so excited when i ordered it online. the fabric (blue and white) was beautiful, but the cut was bad. it fit me like a maternity top, and made me look like i was 6 months along. i have a feeling that the models had theirs pinned back, in the back, because it does not lay flat like that in front, it has a lot of fabric with no place to go but up and out. returning.
This is a very flattering / soft sweater. the pockets make it so much cuter & do not make me look "thick". highly recommend!
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and ordered it immediately. i was a bit disappointed that the dress is a little lighter than the pink showed in the catalog but it didn't deter my liking it because it's still a lovely shade of pink. the fabric takes a bit getting used to though - i thought it would be silkier but it's really a thicker fabric. i ordered a size small and i usually wear size 4. the dress drowned me. so i returned it for an xs, which fit me beautifully. so
This is such an adorable tee. the stripes and lace up details are super cute and on trend. i usually take a xxs and that is what i took in this tee. i tried the xs and at 5"1 and 104 pounds it looked a bit loose and long on me. love this tee and highly recommend this one!
This shirt runs large, so order down a size. it is comfortable, cute and great for transitioning from summer into fall. adding jewelry really dresses this top up. can't wait to layer it with kimono, vest, pashminas or wraps. great with sandals or boots. glad i bought both colors. it looks much better on, than in the photo/on hanger. great purchase and can't wait to wear!
I purchased this poncho online in the cream color. when it arrived i tried it on to decide whether or not to keep it. i immediately went on line and purchased the taupe color , as well. thank goodness it didn't come in 5 more colors! this sweater is so versatile and beautifully detailed, plus it is very soft. you take one look at it and you know the quality! i think you could wear this dressed up or down and it would be perfect either way. i do agree, it is not quite as long as pictured , but pe
The green is a deep, beautiful shade. the fabric and fir is very flattering!
Love this white shirt! it fits great and gives you a little breathing room around the waist. this goes with shorts, skirts, and jeans. i will be wearing it all summer
I loved this dress on. the material was quite different than expected, almost a canvas-y feel to it. ran a little large, but so cute.

I really like the look of the top when it is photographed on other people but it just isn't for me. the fabric is stiffer than i would have expected and not very moveable. the fit is not quite right on me. the longer sleeves detract from the look of the shirt. i also generally prefer things a little more form fitting of which this is not. it was not very comfortable for me either, so this was clearly not a win for me.
This top is absolutely adorable, fits small on top and then flares out a bit as shown. i bought it months ago and haven't worn it yet though. might try it with white jeans as shown.
Bought this top at my local store and tried it on as soon as i got home. yikes! it was way too billowy, i looked like i was pregnant. will be trying the next size down on in the store to see if it is billowy.
Gorgeous baby blue lace is a must see. i received many compliments. my only gripe is that i don't love when shirts have those connecting camisoles (which make it harder to put on) as i would much rather just have a sewn in lining, but it didn't deter me. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, muscular/curvy frame and a size 4 fit perfectly.
Super cute poncho to add to my wardrobe.  love the grey color and the material is super soft.  glad i snagged this up for less than $30!
Great top!! love the fit, it pairs great with dark denim and pearls!! i ordered a 00 and am a 32c cup and 24-25 waist
This top/jacket is less red than it appears in the pictures - more of a wine color (as it is labeled) but it is pretty and the gold details are nice.
This sweater is a perfect transition piece!  the material is really soft. while it has the shape of a poncho it is cut nicely and doesn't make you look like a big blob.
I am obsessed with this top. it is even more gorgeous in person.... a real showstopper!
Beautiful color and a great lightweight piece for fall layering. the petite sizing was perfect for me. more like a belted kimono. very happy with this purchase
It's really cute but seems expensive for the type of fabric. i thought it would be more substantial. got lots of compliments .
Really wanted to love dress but something was off with fit. fabric is lovely and zipper detail nice unfortunately style was not for me.
This a lovely piece. you have to see it close up to appreciate the subtle details. i typically wear xxsp or xsp, so i did not expect this to fit, but decided to try it because i liked the style. as a petite, many poncho styles overwhelm me and look like tents. not this one. the xxs fit nicely - just the right length and width. i am 5'1" and 108 lbs. i think one of the reasons this has not been popular is because it only shows up when searching on ponchos, and not when you search for sweaters. it
In the midst of the end-of-winter doldrums, i tried this cute top on. springy. powdery. happy. the lace is soft, not too stiff or scratchy, and lightweight enough to transition nicely into summer. because the cami is a separate piece, i also envision wearing this as a top over a slip-dress with some retro mary janes. the sleeve length makes it fair game for late winter, too. yay!
Absolutely love this top. it is beautiful, well made and so unique.
An absolutely gorgeous, but poorly fitting blouse. the bottom part is way too billowy and inconsistent with the fitted top half. got it on sale and still returned it.
This top is really pretty and i received a lot of compliments on it. i said it ran true to size, but really the torso part runs a little big. if i had sized down, i think it would have been too tight in the arms. the cami that came with it kept falling out, which is no big deal, but be aware that the strings might not hold the cami with the shirt. overall, it's a really pretty blue and the details make it worth it.
The blue lace with the white top underneath is very pretty. unfortunately i did not like how billowy it was below the bra line.
It is definitely pinned back on the model in the photograph. it made my 5 foot frame look short and wide.
For reference i am 5'5' 138 lbs with an hourglass figure and my usual small fit perfectly. the problems: 1. this skirt is not black but a charcoal gray/purple. 2. the sipper is reinforces with a stiff boarder on the inside so no matter where i put the waist it sticks straight out making me look like i have a tail under my skirt. in other words, i had a very pointy butt. also the slit or tulip part of the skirt goes all the way up to the waist, it needed to be tacked to the other part of the skir
I knew i wanted this top the moment i saw it, so onto my wishlist it went until it went on sale! it fits beautifully in my normal size and i love that it already has a coordinating tank top. i get compliments whenever i wear it- think hd in paris might be my new go-to!
This is probably a blouse for curvy women. with that i mean large breasted. i am a 40d and the xl fits well and the cleavage is in the limit of ok for the office. the bottom is a little too large but not too long. however, the fabric feels extremely comfortable and it stretches but it doesn't lose the shape. i am tempted to buy 2 more. if you are thin, you probably need to size down.
This tee is super soft and thin. perfect for hot humid days. i went with the neutral version and it is adorable with chino shorts or jean shorts. i found it ran big.. i purchased in xs and still pretty baggy.
I've been buying stevie ankles for years from retailer and been very happy. the past two pairs i bought had a heavy chemical smell, which i imagine is some kind of starch/chemical to keep the denim stiff. with the first pair, after enough washes to get rid of the bad smell (4), they lost all form and looked terrible since they were washed i couldn't return them. the 2nd pair arrived with the same heavy smell and i returned them. it may be they are made elsewhere now, but it's disappointing.
Beautiful dress! excellent detail! loved everything about this dress except for the weight. this dress is very heavy which limits my wearing options in fl. given the fabric, this is a great special occasion dress.
I'm so incredibly disappointed. the dress is beautiful but the one i received is torn and has multiple strands of beads missing. poor quality control.
Yep. this is snug, so maybe you might consider upping your normal size. but here's the annoying thing for me...the buttons fell off. not kidding. the first i wore this blouse and two buttons came off. when i looked at the other ones i saw that they all needed to be resewn to keep them attached. what a bother. but i'm doing it because the cotton poplin is nice and the little ruffle is a nice touch that i really like . where am i going to find another? so i'll fix it up the way it should have been
These leggings are wonderful. they are incredibly soft, and stay in place when working out.

I initially tried this on in store and fell in love with the beautiful cut out details and fit. the star design is really cute and unique and the blue color is not see-through at all. i eventually had to buy the blouse online because i could not stop thinking about it. also machine washable is a major plus.
Another shirt i really wanted to love. i adore green but so few tops are made in this color. (please make more!!) however, this shirt didn't work for me. i think it's a matter of where your curves live. the shirt was true to size, but my boobs meant i was showing more cleavage than the model, and the top part felt more like a bib than embroidery. sad coz it is lovely and feels lovely on. probably a great shirt for different body types. would love to see more green clothing....
I am reasonably petite, but i like sweaters very oversized and large, so i ordered this sweater in a large. i was very disappointed when the sweater came because while the sleeves and upper chest area were in large, the length of the sweater did not at all increase when the size did. because the lower part of the sweater did not increase in size, the sweater ended up looking very awkward, with the chest and sleeves very large and long but then a very tight and short (waist-length) stomach. i do
I wanted to love this dress, and thought it would be perfect for a barn wedding i have coming up. it was allllllmost right but sadly fell short. the bib that hangs over the bust hits in a really unflattering mid point that makes you look wide. nipple tassels effect. plus i would feel the urge to keep pulling it down. did notice some of the puckering others mentioned but didn't bother me, however, the way the lining and the dress line up at the bottom did. so close, so sad
I ordered the grey/yellow "here comes the sun" shirt. it's cute, but it runs quite large and isn't special enough for the price. meh.
This dress has special written all over it. the poms at the hem and bodice, as well as the rows of black seed beads push are the kind of details that stand out. i like all the varying textures. it looks great with sandals or short boots. fits true to size. a nice sassy length.
I ordered the light pink version in size xl. the details of the top and the shade of pink are pretty. but, the shirt fits me much shorter than on the model. i'm not quite 5 ft. 6 inches so it should have worked. the material is thin so i was able to stretch it out to give more length. it does look stretched-out now though. i washed it and it shrank a bit so i stretched it again. this is a top that i kept to wear under vests. the pretty colors and the softness of the material make it worth keepin
I found this dress at my local retailer must be a web order return i feel in love with it once i put it on its better in person that online but it does run a little tight in the chest area  it was fine for me as i'm not big busted
"I wanted to love this dress as it would have been perfect for a wedding i have in october however, the fit was awful;. the dress was heavy with a funky liner. it also had these little black straps around the top of the arm/neck that looked out of place. it ran true to size but i have a large chest (32dd) and it was pretty fitted around the area but loose everywhere else. 

sadly, dress had to be returned."
I tried these on in-store not intending to buy them (was trying on shirts and needed to see how they would look with jeans!) and loved them! great "medium blue" color and they fit me so nicely (i am 5'2" with actual hips and thighs :) ...the price is a bit high for me though. hoping to find a pair at some point when they are on sale!
"It is such a cute design and very soft and comfortable, but the picture for this product is very deceiving! it looks like the sweater is fairly long in the pictured product page, but it is considerably short. i am nearly six foot tall, but thought by this picture it would be lengthy, not at all!
it is a beautiful sweater, might work better for a shorter stature."
I ordered this blouse online bc i couldn't find it in my local stores once it was on sale. the fabric is so delicate. the cutouts had already frayed and in some places torn. had to return it.
I like this top. yes it is very cropped and fitted but that's the style as shown on the model in the picture. but its true this style may not fits everyone. it probably flatters those of athletic or petite figure more than a full figure. i am 5' 6" 110#. my usual size is xs. the top looks small to me at first so i tried both size xs and s. i took the xs cause i like it look fitted than loose. i wear this top with high waist fitted skirts or pants and it looks great. if this top can be an inch lo
Very disappointed. the cutouts started to rip the first time i wore it. i've only worn it twice and i love it but the cut outs are embarrassing.
Huge bummer. this top is definitely a crop/midi-top. plus, it's cream, not white like shown in the photos. i'm returning it today.
Love this soft sweatshirt. the peplum makes it a little different and the quality is great. go to piece for spring. loose fitting but true to size in shoulders.
I was so excited to get this dress. i need it for a wedding, and i thought i had hit the jackpot. the dress arrived with a small tear. the seams are puckered and badly seen.  for an almost $300.00 dress, the quality is terrible. i expect better from retailer. i'm so disappointed.
This is a very pretty shirt which is too narrow across the back. i need to be able to move my arms freely at work, so this did not work for me. you may be able to size up for a better fit if moving your arms is important to you.
Beautiful and very feminine look but run big. i m 5ft 105 lbs curvy , size 00 fit me well
I really like this jacket. very comfortable, nice material. i like the weight of this jacket, i wore it alone but it will be cute with a t-shirt under it too.
Ordered this dress for a summer wedding. it is so cute! true to size, well made with a hint of tulle. super comfortable for moving and dancing. winner!

I purchased this shirt in grey. i loved the color and the details, especially the lace on the shoulders. i just found the fit to be off for me. the style certainly calls for a relaxed fit but the small was loose in an unflattering way. had the xs been available i might have considered exchanging for an xs but the s was already a bit short on me. (strange because although i am not petite, i am fairly short wasted.) i also wasn't in love with the neckline. i will continue my search for a weekend-w
Very nice top, fits true to size, a little short buy looks nice with jeans or work pants
It's short and wide. not a good combo for anyone who isn't stick thin.
I wish i had read all the reviews before purchasing. the sweater looked liked everything i would be interested in online. once i pulled it out of the bag, my first thought was how could retailer send me a used, washed and shrunken sweater. it is nothing like the picture. it fits like a midriff top, not exaggerating. i'm 5.6, ordered the m, don't waste your shipping money on this.
I purchased this sweater in a small . nothing on the web site states it has dolman sleeves! it looked sloppy and made my bust disappear! it went back i hate dolman sleeves.
Love this t-shirt. the weight is great for the impending heat and humidity of summer. it looks positively fabulous for casual occasions with pilcro chinos in moss and fuchsia suede pumps.
Cute top but started disintegrating after two washes. the delicate cutouts in the top tore apart. i machine washed it in the gentle cycle and didn't use the dryer. disappointed to have to discard the top after just buying it.
I purchased the yellow and i am quite happy. it matches a lot of things that i already own. nice summer tee.
I bought the "here comes the sun" version of this shirt. i had to have it. i'm a cervical cancer survivor who is still dealing with some health issues. i recently attended a cancer survivor event where a women talked about her life with cancer. she said that you no longer counts the years of her life, instead she counts her sunny days. i was inspired to do the same. so, i love this shirt. i got it on sale, but it still could've been cheaper.
I received this as a gift. it is a very pretty top, but the material is sooo delicate that the cutout areas were torn in many spots and where it wasn't torn completely you could see it fraying. the sales associate said they get many returns on this item.
Love this tee! lightweight, airy and comfy. i think it fits true to size. so soft and summery. can't wait to wear it this summer!
This is much more a blouse than a "tee". the detailing is beautiful and the fabric on the back is a more stuff, starched cotton, not stretchy jersey. because of that i felt like this top ran small. i had to size up.
I tried this on today and i wish i had taken it home. for me it was true to size, and the star print was perfect. flowy but not in maternity way at all. i'm gonna have to go back for this one!
"This runs way big.  i would recommend sizing down at least one size.  possibly 2.

i got the design with divers.  it's fun and light for summer.  soft material and very comfy."
Although i love the soft feel of the sweater, the zig zag design was very unflattering. also, the length is much shorter than appears in the picture. i will be returning it.
Wished this had worked for me! however, i prefer smaller armholes so my bra and skin (not so young anymore) don't show. the beige lining shows at the armholes as well. on the upside, it's very slimming even with the stiff petticoat. so cute! perfect length for me. another caveat -- if your back is not completely symmetrical, as mine isn't, the decorative back straps sit in a wonky position. i'm 98 lbs, 4' 10", and the oop was perfect but for the above objections.
"The retailer store by me only carried these in the petites, but i've learned to always snag a petite just to see because sometimes the petites fit just as well, if not better, depending on the length of the outfit!
______________
pros:
- looks exactly the same in person as online. color runs true.
- well made, good stitching, solid dress.
- great length in the sleeves.
- fits tts. i'm normally a size 10 or 12 and grabbed the 12p to see how it'd fit. other than being too short in length on my"
Love the diving beauty version, it is charming without being too "cutsie" which i stay away from. the epitome of summer and that grab and go easy little statement. i find it runs true to size...you could safely size down if need be. love it! thinking of getting the here comes the sun too! tuck it in, tie it in the back or side or great just draping...love the little touch on the sleeve too...nice surprise!
This is great. on the model it looks largish, but on me it doesn't. if you're curvier like me (5'10", 155, 32e) it may be more fitted. long arms with great wrists. design is just as shown. not a sturdy piece. but not cheap looking in any way. i plan to hand-wash and not drop coffee down the front so i can wear it for a long time. just what i want to wear on certain days, and more colors would be great. thanks, retailer.
This is a really flattering tee for my curves. pretty lace details. i purchased the gray and ordered the wine. the pink looked more peach to me in the store. only reason for 4 stars is that the back material wrinkles easily. true to size (large) for me.
Comfortable material, fits true to size, love the color and can wear all year round. selected this dress for a fall wedding and its a keeper!
I stumbled across this dress at the store and fell in love. it's so bright and cheery but still sophisticated enough for most events. i love that the tulle that gives the skirt a slight flare and body is completely concealed. the dress is well lined and darling. i am small chested so i didn't have an issue with it feeling revealing nor did the lining hang out. i purchased this for my rehearsal and rehearsal dinner for my summer wedding. i look forward to wearing the dress many times after.
I"m not crazy about maxi dresses so when i found this fun print with fringe-it spoke my language. love this dress. feel this dress will work with many seasons. dress falls nicely and feels comfortable. i was worried it would be too long but with a 2 inch heel-its perfect. have paired it with some red dangled earrings that spice it just right.
"For the price of this dress, i was expecting something decent. the style is cute, but nothing more. however, the type of the polyester that the dress is made of.... oh my. it is a thick unpleasant material, that will cling to a body when it is hot. i never came across an item at retailer that was made this cheaply.
the tag on the back was hanging at half and the button on the front was ready to come off before i even tried this dress on.
no need to say - it's going back asap.
you should not sel"
I have been wanting this sweater and decided to order. when i received it, there was no tag on the product. it was not in a typical clear bag from retailer and it wasn't packaged nicely. it came from reno, nv. most products i order do not get shipped from there. it is short, and i'm 5'1". most clothes that are short fit me with no problem. this sweater might hit me at the waist, or maybe shorter. i think the color is nice and the sweater is soft but not what i wanted. i am going to return it
Fantastic signature retailer styling with this unique statement sweater. the pattern placement has a slimming look on the front and a rear enhancing look from behind. i've been using the super soft removable fur collar as a scarf and stole for my other outfits as well. the length is almost tunic on me, so it looks great with leggings and skinny jeans while buttoned up. if you choose to remove the fur collar the v-neck is very open, so i keep it unbuttoned when i style it that way. knit fabric is s
I purchased this dress for my bridal shower and it was perfect! the details on it are amazing-delicate and lovely! i am 5'11'' and it hit just above my ankles which i loved because i could show off my shoes!
I love the style of this dress and the color is beautiful and very much like the photo. like previous reviewers mentioned, the top is a little loose in comparison to the bottom. i originally bought a size 4 but then exchanged it for a 2. i tend to be between those sizes. the 2 fits great on bottom but the straps are a bit loose. it might be better for bigger busted ladies!
"I bought the design which has now sold out, of the sailboats and waves along the top. the t-shirt is super soft and thin. but, it's not sheer or see-through. very light and cool for hot humid summer days. has some nice stretch as well. a really gentle cotton knit.

this top does run large. maybe that's so it will be cool and not stick to you? thus, i didn't size down because i don't like clothes too form-fitting on super hot days."
Overall i really like this dress. the color is vibrant & unique. the top of the dress especially the shoulder straps seem loose so i'm getting it tailored.
Bought this in green at my local store and fell in love with it! i also tried one in pink and it was a bit sheer which is why i opted for the green color instead. very nice and feminine.
Very cute dress but the skirt flares out more than it looks in the picture. this made my midsection look unflattering from the side. also, for some who is on the flat chested side, you need a good bra or alteration (at least for me). despite what i listed above, i kept the dress since it's a versatile dress for many occasions.
I just couldn't resist this dress! it's blue, it's fun, it's feminine. the color is so vivid and beautiful in person. i was worried that the length would be an issue (i bought a regular size instead of my normal petite), but i feel that it is perfect. it fits great, and i know i will wear it a lot this summer.
Great fit, perfect length! so happy with these jeans. the fabric is pretty stretchy but definitely still has a denim feel. very soft - love these jeans!
I bought this top at my local retailer in a burgundy color. it is so beautiful and feminine. i want to get it in the other color they had in the store and also this black one available on-line. i bought it in a size 6 and i am 5' 2" , 34d. i sometimes get tops in petite but i felt the reg size fit just fine.
I purchased this item as a gift for my wife and she loves it. the quality for the price is great. soft and comfortable. needs to be washed with care but is worth it
Gorgeous fun dress, but the cut in the armholes (6 petite) is really low. so low even a strapless bra peeks above it. there are also lining issues (could have been with just my one choice) where the lining is not stitched well around the armholes so it shows too much. back is stunning. i would say that if you can go bra less this could be so awesome. it didn't work for my body because i have to wear a bra, but i think its a winner for someone.
I kept the size 8 of the dress and had to return the 10 as it was too roomy at the arms and chest (which is great!!!). material is nice and not too much material, hangs nice (its a swing). another win!
Many compliments - great color and so comfy. most of my dresses from retailer are maeve brand, and i have never been disappointed.
Tts and very very sleek and flattering. just love for summer. nice light weight. feel great on and not saggy. nice color addition since my other favorite are lighter shade of blue.
I really love this this dress, but i agree with the previous reviewer about the belt around the waist-it is a draped piece of fabric that is very figure flattering where it wraps, but one side of the dress has no belt and it shows muffin tops/bulges.i would have loved this if the belt went all the way around. one other point i would like to make is that bra straps are hard to conceal. i bought this dress because of the gorgeous color, but ended up returning it because of the belt and bra strap i
This is by far the most comfortable bra i've ever owned. i love the convertible strap feature. it's great for shirts with a back cutout.
This top runs small across the top. i was amazed at the material--polyester, i am sure--because the price was so high. it has a sheer layer underneath, which i think would make it hot in the summer. i love this kind of tank but it just did not look as good as it does online.
Love this dress. the fabric is super soft and flowy. be aware that the model is a tall gal.... i'm usually a size 8/10 in dresses and purchased a large. returned it for a large petite as it went way past my knees. looks funny if it is below the knee. the petite is perfect.
I bought this tank in the blue popsicle print, and i think it's cuter in person than it is online. the beautiful pastel colors on the popsicles really stand out and make it special. i am normally a size 4-6, and the small fits me perfectly. also, i appreciate that it's lined. i wore it with skinnies, and received lots of compliments. it's the perfect tank for summer!
Very pretty but also very roomy. i'm using it as a swimsuit cover up, so it's perfect!
I ordered these in my typical size, 26, and they fit everywhere perfectly except the butt. for me, i found them to be too tight in that area. i went to the store and tried on the 27 and they were too big in the waist. i do recommend them though. they are well made, i loved the wash and the length was perfect. being 5'3" they came to the lower ankle and that was fine with me. give them a try, hopefully they work better for you.
I tried on the xs in the store (115 lbs, 30dd chest, short). fit: i think it is a little big, i would tend to go for a xxs petite in this for me, the length was ok, but would look more flattering in petite. also, the waist was on the looser side. the green color is amazing though, very flattering and springy/summery. the flow of the dress is also very nice. the weird thing is the belt at the waist, it starts a little off from the seam, and doesn't go all the way around, not sure if i love it or
This well made chemise is figure flattering and just the right length for me (5'2"). i would wear it as a slip or a nightie. looking forward to wearing it!
"This is just a fantastic dress! i bought it in my usual m in the blue and it fits like a glove. i love the varying lengths and the adorable sleeves and the substantial knit which feels amazing on the body without revealing any bumps and lumps :) i took the regular length and found it perfect. the front hits about two inches above my knee and the rest hits a bit lower. i'm only 5""1, but i prefer dresses that hit closer to my knee than mini so the regular was perfect for me
definitely a keeper!"
This dress is perfection it is extremely comfortable and versatile. great for dressing up or down. i am large busted (36g) so was delighted that it stretches as this is a problem for me finding clothing to fit allover. i am petite 5"1 with a curvy figure and a regular medium fit great!
I ordered this in the "plum" color, which in real life just looks like a very, very dark brown. that would probably be okay, but the dress is actually about 3 inches shorter than the listed measurements. i ordered the regular length, but the shortest part of the hem hits me only about halfway down my thigh...way, way too short. i am 5'5", for reference. lastly, i think the fabric is just awful quality, especially for this price point. the slight texture makes it want to cling to itself - worn ou
The price is high and i have to dry clean this? no thanks.
This is a great summer maxi dress. i am 5'4" 120lbs, about a size 4 in dresses, 32dd. i got this in an extra small. i was really happy that on someone my height, it's just a few inches above my ankle, so did not shorten me at all. the straps were a good length, and the waist hit at the right spot. i don't think the waist detail not going all the way around is a big deal, there are the little snaps in the straps for your bra, and skirt is lined. the turquoise color is really pretty and the fabric
This dress had so much promise from the picture. i loved the midi length, color, and fascinating waist detail. i ordered online, so there was no way to try on before purchasing. the fit was disappointing. it fell in an unflattering manner at every point; a tad too low at the waist; a tad too long at the shin. just kind of saggy all around. bummed, but this is not to say it wouldn't fit someone with a different body shape better. the quality of fabric is nice, and the color is lovely.
This dress is super comfortable and the material is so soft. the fit is very flattering and will cover any imperfections if you are heavier and want to hide anything. its more fitted in the top and drapes on the body very nicely. the hem is asymmetrical and the highest part of the hem hits about 2 inches above my knee and i am 5'3.'' i will wear this with tights for work. color is very nice also.
Dress is very pretty, but very short, almost tunic length.
I love this dress!!! it's comfortable, flattering and stylish. looks great with flats or boots - awesome with a chunky scarf and tights.

I loved this dress on way more than i expected to - the pictures don't do it justice. the fabric is soft and is a really nice weight - heavier than i expected, which makes the dress hang in a really flattering way. the belt doesn't go all the way around, as other reviewers said, but i actually kind of like it that way. i almost didn't try it on based on some of the other reviews, but i'm sooooo glad i did. it's a really cute dress - will look great as is, or with a light cardigan if it's a littl
I like the style, but i ordered an extra small (i am5'4' 120#) and it was still too loose fitting on me, had to return, hopefully exchange for xxs
I ordered a regular size xs and the length is still fine for me at 5'2". i love the color and the fabric is super soft and comfortable. i'll get a lot of use out of it this summer and the sale price is a great bargain!
I'm a big fan of paige jeans. these are perfect for my petite frame. at 5"3' they were ankle length. i tried my normal paige size and ultimately sized up for a better fit at the waist.
This top is oversized. i normally wear large but thought an xl would be best for sleeping. it's huge. so stick with your normal size or a size down. pretty print. fabric is a bit coarse. undecided about trying a size down because i'm particular and they didn't wow me. also ordered these in the lighter color and they fit the same.
This is, like many reviewers stated, a very flattering and nice dress. the sleeves were particularly great, because they are slightly longer than most of this type and went past the meaty (for lack of a better word!) part of my arm, only exposing the slimmer bits. it looked great on me, and i imagine it would on most people. i just did not like the handkerchief hem....too young, too trendy? i don't know, when you're in your 40s, you start to feel ridiculous in certain styles! i just didn't feel
I am so glad i tried this dress on. it is so chic and beautiful! perfect for an evening out or during the day. i can't believe the price!
"I'm a big retailer buyer- and usually love the dresses, especially the petite xs maxis. this was the worst retailer purchase i have ever made. 

it was humongous and gave me no shape. even if i purchased an xxsp it probably would be the same. i'm small but i mean come on- this would only fit a giantess-- which also makes no sense because it's the petite size. 

do not buy. i'm very upset i have to pay the $5.95 return fee since i ordered this."
"The dress is just ok. i cannot imagine having paid full price for this. i got it for florida vacation. i put it on to wear to church first and spilled a drop of lavender oil on it and it stained!!!! cant get it out. thats punk for a dress that even on sale is like. 
sending back"
I tried this on in store and was very close to purchasing, but ultimately decided against it because it was too in between causal and dressy to me. i couldn't imagine where i would wear the dress. it was great quality and the green color was very pretty on. you could find a way to wear a bra with the dress.
I love this! i will sport it in the spring with white capris/ leggings and awesome for a beach cover-up! the fit is comfy the embroidery gives it a feminine touch. i purchased the large but could've gotten away with a slender fit in medium. i am 5'4 170 lbs.
I loved this dress and purchased it in my usual m. however, i agree with another reviewer that it is too long for me at least, so i returned this and will buy it in petite instead. if you are shorter (i'm 5'2), the regular length doesn't fall right, the shorter front section falling right at the knee and the longer section falling halfway on my calf . but great style! looking forward to seeing it on me in the petite.
Love! highly recommend...usually i wait for sale price but this was worth the extra splurge. so flattering!
This is a great dress for all body types. the fabric is substantial and soft.  i sized down for a closer fit, but i could have also bought my usual medium and had the extra space to belt it and wear a looser fit. i busted out the boots, a little early, and the outfit was done.  super easy to wear, dressed up or dressed down.  totally worth the price, i'm glad i didn't wait until it went on sale for fear of selling out.
Looks fitted on, but this just turned out to be an oversized muumuu on. the fabric also felt cheap.
This is a solid well made transistional dress going from late summer to fall. i'm 5'7" and got the medium and it falls a little above my knee. i could see it being very flattering on many body types. i do think you need to accessorize the dress as it is on the bland side. i bought the plum/brown color and am very happy with it.
Perfection! i am 5'3"/108 and the size 25 fit me like a glove. beautiful color too!! highly recommend!!
Thrilled that this not only fits great on me but i got it at a deep sale price!  all the problems that the negative reviewers had did not apply to me at all.  i'm so glad i gave this a try.  my body is large on top with a square waist, a bit of a tummy, no hips or bum and the medium petite skimmed over all my flaws and made me look more proportionate.  not sure why this is called halter though.  i am 5'3" 36dd, wide torso, size 28 jeans, 140#.
Love the style of this dress (length, hem, waist details, material)! i think it looks best on curvy women due to the waist detail only going part way around. it doesn't give the entire waist definition, which is why it would look best on someone who has a naturally defined waist. this is a pretty unique dress, which is one of the reasons i liked it. i agree with one of the previous reviewers about it being hard to conceal your bra straps. unfortunately for me that is a deal breaker because i rea
So i got this on sale and the only size they had was a xs petite. i didn't have my hopes very high but i thought i would give it a shot. the dress came today and it fit great. i am 5"6" so the petite came just above my knees but the dress is still adorable. the material and cut is great. this is not what i was looking for but it is a welcome addition.
This dress is beautiful. it is longer than it looks on the model (i'm 5/5) but drapes beautifully. it is perfect for a wedding or a special event. i love it!
I have mixed feelings about this dress. the color is fantastic. not too bright, not too dark. the material is super soft and comfortable and the length was perfect. i did end up returning this item though as no matter which bra i chose, the straps showed. it just was not hitting my right on the shoulders. i do not like having my bra straps show or constantly be trying to tuck them away (especially at a wedding or work?). this is what ultimately led me to return the dress ? even though it is beau
This dress is super soft and really flattering. i'm 5'2" and i tried a regular size m in the store and hated it on me, but decided to order a petite m and give it a try and i love it. it's one i've been wearing a lot with ankle boots and all sorts of jackets. it's great for these fall days that are still warm-ish. would be really cute with tights.
This cover up has great potential. i love the embroidery. the colors and design are great. however, it has a number of loose strings. it makes me wonder what might happen when i wash it. the fabric is on the thinner side, but it is not see through. the fabric would be nice for a hot day by the pool. i caught it on sale, so i am keeping it.
The design of this dress is darling and so unique, and it's very well made. but i agree it's very boxy and overwhelming for a petite frame. i'm 5'3" and ordered the 2, and it was like wearing a hospital gown. if a petite were available i'd have tried that, but this one's going back. shame, too, because it's adorable. the gap in the neckline could easily be stitched or sewn shut, but that's an inconvenience when this dress is already priced so high.
I love the cut and aesthetic of this shirt, but the fabric unfortunately shows even the slightest hint of sweat, which makes it difficult to wear without being self conscious
Despite other reviewers comments on size - i really wanted this one to work so i ordered it. i'm typically a size xs and d chest and instead i ordered a small. the body of the sit for well but the cups of the suit i'd said for more for a b. (if i lifted my arms i would literally come out of it)
Love the sweater. the knit has a rich look and the fit is perfect. i paired it with a printed pencil skirt for an eclectic look. strongly recommend to your wardrobe.

This is a nice shirt, but i can't keep it. i ordered a 0 and i do have an athletic build with somewhat wider shoulders given how petite i am (usually wear 00 petite in all pants) and i think this size was perfect (fit across the back perfectly) when you lift your arms the way it is cut makes it really tight across the chest and shows your stomach. at the same time, the high low styling makes for a really strange shirt-tail in the back. i'm sure this is the trend but it really does not look cute
"I'm a 32-a, and i bought a small. i found that the tube portion is pretty tight, but probably needed to keep things up. because there is not a clasp in the front or back, it is really hard to get in and out of. i'd probably be ok with it, but the cups were too big for me. i think i would need to be a c to fill it.
the quality is really nice and the molded cups are a good shape. i wish i could have made it work, because it was really comfortable. i returned it in the end."
"Hi ladies,
does this bra take a contortionist to put it on the first time? yes. did my boyfriend laugh at me hysterically while i tried to get it over the girls? yes. however, i am a large chested girl 34d, i bought the large and this is honestly the absolute best, most comfortable, amazing, non hurting/poking best strapless bra i have ever owned. i just bought three more, just in case the first two wear out. i love this, i love how far it comes down on the sides, i love that it doesn't slip do"
I just got this in the mail & had to immediately write a review. i love it!. i took a risk & ordered the xxs, which i assume is a 00. it fits me perfectly so i would say it runs large. i'm a true dress size 2 but usually wear a 0 or xs in us sizing. the shoulder length from seam to seam is about 14 inches. i'm 32c-24-34. hope this helps!
This shirt feels so nice, it's heavier weight and so soft.. i think it's lyocel... such a great drape to the shirt that is so flattering. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and 34c/d and purchased a size 4. found this item to be true to size, if not slightly loose, but i love the flow of it. highly recommend, the green is classic and timeless, very versatile.
Love it! the light blue is a gorgeous color. i thought this might be more chambray, but i'm happy it's not. it's also stitched at the top so no awkward accidental peep show or need for annoying tape.
Love this top! i bought it last month in the olive green color and love it. great quality fabric, comfortable and can be dressed up or down.
This bra runs very small, and is hard to get on and off. i think if i went a size up i would be happier.
I was so excited to receive this top but was immediately disappointed! it is much thinner than it seems & it almost feels like a cheap top. it's also see-through but i'm not bothered by that. it has a very boxy cut which i like with slimmer bottoms. but overall, i didn't care for this top & expected it to be more structured & stiff rather than flimsy & thin. it's going back...
You have to be a contortionist to get this bra on. it slips over your head and i needed my 8yo daughter to help me pull it down past my elbows. ridiculously impractical. why oh why didn't heather give it a hook and loop closure instead?
I love this top, i dress it up when i need to be more professional and i dress it down with a pair of cutoffs when it's warm. it is delicate, however, so i try not to wash it too frequently. the front is a bit boxy, which the model demonstrates. the model really encompasses the crisp whiteness of the shirt, the flow of it and the length.
Great fit and design but the wool is too itchy and rough. will need a layer underneath
This was going to be my go to top. i loved the look of the billowy shirt, especially in light blue. when it arrived, i knew it wouldn't work for my body. i'm athletic build with muscular upper arms and a d cup. i tried it on anyway. i really wish it fit. it was snug in the upper arms and pulled a bit in the front. i knew if i ordered a size up the arms would still be tight. it's just the cut of the shirt. this top is best for someone that isn't busty and has slender upper arms.
While there us no clasp and this bra does require you to pull it over your head, i did not find it to be too difficult. i love that the bra stays in place and that i do not have to constantly pull it up throughout the day! it's quite comfortable too. i wish i had ordered the same bra with the straps too before they sold out of my size!
Slighty fitted, flattering, very soft and not itchy. the orange is a very nice color.
I was looking for an oversized silhouette but this is more like a beach cover-up. the waist does not have elastic or any structure. the top fabric is crossed over but not sewn closed, and because the fit is so loose it just gaps open. the fabric is nice quality but i am returning.

I got tons of compliments when i wore this top out a couple weeks ago. it is a little bit shorter than i thought, and a little bit loose (not "baggy" but just kind of hangs). if you have a larger chest, this may not be super-flattering. the color is really pretty and looked great with dark skinnies. i bought my normal size (after trying on a size down, which was just too short...and i'm 5'2)
I loved the color and the style of the sleeves.  it was a bit too short on me and i thought it made me look boxy so i didn't end up keeping it
Saw this on the sale rack and decided to try on. i looked like the dancing hypos in the movie fantasia. i am petite and not heavy but this is for very slim and tall people. too much fabric in the peplum part.
This product is comfortable and stylish. i love the design and the color print. i can dresss it up and dress it down. it goes with everything and also fits great.
I got these on sale a few months ago. they are the most comfortable jeans i've ever owned. i'm 5'4 and they are the perfect length for me but i like my jeans a little long.
I had this dress in my basket for a long tiem waiting for free shipping. i liekd how it looked on the model. read the reviews, and wasn't sure, so waited... then my usual size sold out, so i decided ot try the smaller size (in petites, otherwsie i would have gotten it in the store :_)) i needed pettie and the smaller size is perfect! the color says black, but it looks more mifnight (aka blue), my friend even said (when i tried it on), you know i laways love anything blue... so don't expect dark
Love this top for the fall. looks great with dark skinny jean and booties.
Love this design it puts a twist on a turtle neck sweater. the only problem i had is that the tie kept coming undone but if you do a double knot the problem is solved! wish i would have bought all the other colors.
I tried these in store, didn't have much hope as flare usually looks terrible on me (small waist and athletic, fuller legs). but surprisingly these work great. they seem to very good quality and the flare is super cute and on trend. i do think they run a little small. i am almost always a 2/26, but i took these in a 4. they didn't have a 2 in store for me to compare but i think they would have been too tight. highly recommend!
Runs a size big unless you want it really boxy. felt the matl was flimsy and would prob pill soon. turquoise was a pretty color but returning this one.
I ordered these because i loved the wide cut and overall look. but returned them because they fit weird. too tight around the too high waistline (and normally, i like a high waistline). fit ran small. and the overall quality of the fabric wasn't as nice as i was hoping for. pretty disappointed.
I wanted this tank to work so badly! it was a great deal and so beautiful. unfortunately the top fitted portion ends right below my chest then the shirt flares out so i looked like a cupcake. my belly also showed slightly because the shirt is short. if you have a short torso, this would work great. if not, unfortunately, its not great - tear
I am 5'8 with curvy, muscular body and 36ddd boobs. the ruffle ends up hitting me right below my breasts and creates the look of being about 6 months pregnant. the beading is beautiful and i wish that it fit.

The sweater coat would be wonderful for cooler weather this fall. i ordered it in medium because the small sizes were sold out. sometimes a medium is the right size depending on the brand. i was disappointed that the coat was so large; i don't think it will work for me even with layers underneath. it's a great design but i may have to return it.
Love these pants!!! retailer - please sell more colors and patterns of these! i have a hard time finding work pants that fit right, don't have to be hemmed (i'm 5'3") and aren't boring. this is just enough pattern to be interesting, but still neutral enough to pair with other things. i bought them full price and would happily do so again for another pattern!
I agree with the other reviews that these jeans run big. for my body, straight up and down, i ordered 2 sizes down, but would have ordered one size down had i been able to try them on in the store. the jeans i received were lighter, not blue, and more grey with very noticeable white whiskering. i need a new pair of jearns and i love the cut of these so i am keeping this pair, but, for me, because of the color they are just ok compared to the wow i was expecting from the picture.
This is a very well made top. i love everything about this top! bought it in both colors. i think it's fancy enough to wear out at night or in the daytime with shorts and flip flops. i got it on sale but would have totally paid regular price for it!
I wish i hadn't waited so long to buy this! the smalls were sold out in grey by the time i finially did, but the medium ended up being totally fine. perfect for a warmer winter, it is pretty thin so i wouldn't trust it on it's own to keep you warm in cold weather, but easily could be layered! i love the fun aspect of the tie front for this sweater as the front tuck is becoming a little tired in my eyes. i love that you can make it shorter or longer or even tuck it in because the ties aren't sewn
Love this sweater. i have it in cream and ordering navy. it is comfortable and looks great with pants or a skirt. i do not like my sweaters tight so i have a large and love the fit. i am 5' 4'' and weigh 135 and usually buy medium to large.
I love this! seriously would buy again. i wish it was warmer out so i could wear it
I love this top. it is very short and hits at a potentially unflattering area if one has wider hips. the fabric and swing to the "skirt" is adorable.
I have a small collection of retailer pants for work, and this pair fit neatly into a hole-- i don't have a fun, patterned pair. i am short (5'2") and definitely needed a petite to get the crop to land in the right spot. my usual 0p fit perfectly up above. the flare seems a bit more pronounced on me than in the picture. the fabric is nice quality, smooth and medium weight with a bit of stretch, and i like the fact that these are machine washable. this gal has other things to do with her life besid
This jacket runs very large. i usually wear an xl but probably could fit into a medium. i have long arms, and the sleeves were way past my hands. i love the jacket, but it's just too sloppy.
I wanted to like this top so so so so badly. so badly in fact, that after the first size didn't fit, i ordered two other sizes to make sure: xl, l, m. none of them worked i really wanted to like this top. the online photo makes the clothing look so flattering and the shirt is just not....at least on me. the shirt online on the model looks slimming and a lot longer than the actual piece of the clothing. the beaded work is very beautiful, but short causing the very poofy peplum to start at the mos
I love these pants so much i even paid full price for them.  i'm going to order them in navy too.  super cute fit.  cute with flats or heels.
I followed the advice of other reviewers and sized down. however, the jacket was still too large. it fit fine in the arms but the body/width of the jacket was huge. also i found the wool material to be extremely itchy. it might work if you are layering it over long sleeves but still make sure to size down at least one or maybe even two sizes.
I stumbled upon this by accident and i thought the turquoise color looks unique so i tried it on, and it was a great fit first time around. i dislike open shoulder blouses because most of them are too open but this one is very sutble which gives it a girl next door sexy look. the material is very soft, the pattern is subtle plaid, and the liner is a plus. size 2 regular fits me very comfortably (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i could size down more but i like the relaxed look like on the mod
Gorgeous colors on lovely silk skirt. longer on me than in photo, but i'm only 5'4". i usually wear a size 12 or 32" waist jeans, but i could not zip up the large. by several inches. i'm not sure if i can possibly cover the waist and still wear it that way. sad because i've had my eye on this for months:(
"Absolutely beautiful - 
usually don't leave reviews here, but this top (material, beading, style) is so gorgeous i would be remiss if i didn't. i have a short torso, so the peplum hit me above the belly-button. it's very voluminous, but with the right pants and heels, it is a perfect outfit. as a full-time student, i'm apt to find retailer expensive - but this purchase was so very much worth it. in terms of sizing- i initially got the s to accommodate my bust (30f) but preferred the xs."
Very cute! waist is a little big for me but overall a pretty good fit.
Beautiful dress with the colors and pleats. i did not have the same problems with the bust area that others did. my biggest complaint is the exposed zipper doesn&#39;t lay flat, even when just hanging on the hanger. when actually on a person the zipper juts out. had to be returned!
Tried this on and loved it! chic, lightweight, warm, cute left as is and cuter belted. ended up letting a friend buy it since it was the last one but will be adding to my iso list for sure!
"I have to confess i had very high hopes for this dress. i was buying it as a stylish, modern alternative to a business suit. i wanted this dress to work as a piece to deliver presentations in or attend faculty functions. tailored, conservative, and edgy at the same time. several hundred dollars dress should meet the aforementioned needs, i thought. but it did not. the best description for the dress is ""blah"", average.

the material is textures and crinkly, not slick. the top is cream/ivory color"
I love this shirt! i was surprised by the other reviews. it's boxy, but not unflattering. i get so many compliments on this. a steal for the price.
It's rare to find such a great skirt -- flattering, unique design, substantial (denim-like) fabric, something with pockets! this skirt has everything, including an adjustable buckled waist. i love the slight a-line shape, too. for me it fits true to size (the same size i wear in skirts from other brands). i love the colors -- ivory background, cobalt, periwinkle, orange, blush pink, yellow, black. it will be easy to pair with tees or button-down shirts and cute sandals.
I really liked this top when i tried it on but as i wore it the bottom of the sleeves stretched out terrible where they looked worn out from wearing over and over, and since this happened with the first wearing and i paid $88.00 i sent it back. if it hadn't been for that it's a comfy and cute casual top
This skirt fits my curves so well. the adjustable waist is so helpful for getting the perfect fit. it sits high on me, but i have a very long torso so that didn't bother me and actually made the length more flattering for my shorter legs. the colors are vibrant and versatile.
I know this product description says oversized but that's an understatement. i ordered a small and tried it on and i looked like a little kid in their father's jacket. i don't even think an xs would have worked. i'm 5'6" and about 135 pounds for reference. i will say that the embroidery on the back is very cool and this jacket is overall a cool concept but it's just way too big.
Agreed with the previous reviewer, this is the same dress as the evanthe dress that came out this summer, but in a rich beautiful red/wine color. the color differences in the pattern are , however, more subtle than the summer version, remaining in one palette. yo u can't tell from the picture, but the back is longer than the front. the neckline is very flattering, i found this one a little more snug than the evanthe (around the rib cage), tried on 00p (size for evanthe) might be better as 0p in
I bought three of these this summer--a mint, ivory, and yellow. when i received them, they looked nice enough in person. i liked the heart motif and the peplum. the problem is the knit was on the cheap side and stretched out. the arms were tighter than i liked but loosened up through the day. but, then the look became more matronly. i wish they had been 3/4 length or a vest. the cheap, outstretched look just didn't work. i ended up donating all of mine after a few wears. they also pilled conside
Ordered this top online, color is a little more gray than green but it is gorgeous, comfortable and flattering, so much so, i am ordering the navy too. great quality , fabulous with jeans .
I love this blouse! the colors of the little sunglasses are vibrant against the black background, the buttons on the front are also a coral/peach color and beautifully made. its thin enough to be worn in the summer or fall without making you sweat or freeze. i ordered a medium, which i usually wear in most retailer tops and it fits perfectly. i'm a 36b and can run from an 8 to a 10 in tops. i do recommend trying it on before purchasing if you can, especially for women with a larger bust. th
This is such a beautiful dress.  but have to return for the reasons others have noted.  the chest does not fit well.
Girls, this dress is gorgeous.  but if you are an a/b cup, there is just too much fabric in the bust.  the entire dress is pleated from the shoulders down, so a curvier figure would be shown to great advantage in this beautiful number.  alas, i had to send it back and was very sad to do so.
Really wanted this to worked for me. ordered the s in ivory (the color i really wanted but xs was sold out) and the xs in cedar.  loved the knit and look and quality but the sweater was boxy and huge even in xs.  not flattering on my petite frame (5'2", 115#).  so disappointed as i've been looking for a non-wool sweater like this.
This skirt is pleasantly more dynamic in person. the print and colors are really nice and more vibrant than the photos. the cut was spot on and the fabric seems heavy enough to hide imperfections (but not too heavy...) length as shown on model.
This top can be dressed up or down, very good quality fabric and colors shown as the photo (blue). i usually wear petite sizes but chose the regular version because i wanted to be able to tuck it in. i think it might be too short otherwise.
Love the color (cedar). love the style. sleeves are long and wide but that is the style. biggest surprise is that this sweater is not cropped. the length given in the product info is very short. but when i received my normal size (l) the sweater comes to my hips. just right. the fibers are man-made (acrylic) so that makes this sweater not too warm and not itchy. the weave is close enough that i do not need to wear a cami underneath. when the weather gets colder i will add a nice cami under the s
Love everything about it!! chunky, comfortable, lazy day or dress up with a cool necklace!
I saw this online and loved it. plus after reading the reviews i thought why not. but if you have a big chest beware. i am a 34ddd and a pretty solid medium. the volumous front of the vest added way to much to me and i sized down to a small. had to return.
Love, love this clever eyeglass print. i bought the black background with bright sunglass print - perfect for pairing with jeans, shorts or a slender skirt.
Exactly as pictured. great fit. love it.
Absolutely love everything about this sweater. i was hesitant to buy because it's so oversized and i was worried it would overwhelm my small frame. but the xs fits great, i love the large knit look and the bell sleeves. pairing with dark denim skinny jeans helped balance out the sweaters oversized shape. wore it work and then to a party and received compliments on it all day.
I wear this vest two ways - over a long sleeve shirt when it's warmer and layered over a shirt and cardigan when it's cooler. it's the perfect amount of warmth when i'm running errands and don't want to wear a heavy coat. love it and plan to wear it a lot!
The quality of this vest is outstanding, and the warmth is exceptional. i have worn it as a jacket on milder days, in work as a warmth layer and brought on vacation to act as both plus a bathrobe. it is a very stylist piece that can be worn open or belted. it runs large by style, but i am 5'1", 100 lbs and i can carry it off.
This vest was of excellent weight but it had very little style. it was like a giant piece of felt was cut out with little thought to design or nuance. not for me.
I love this skirt! it's a denim material, so it's structured, but not too heavy for warm weather. the colors are bright. it may run a bit big, but i didn't have trouble with my usual size. the pockets are actually usable. great for casual and easy to dress up.
Love the print of this fabric & the length. the buckles at the waist add a unique look so no belt necessary.
I fell for the charcoal one and bought standard size m/l. on first wearing with slim jeans, booties and a long sleeved t, the body of the vest was fine. but with wavy shoulder-length hair, i found the large, wide collar overwhelming at the top. i tried folding the collar under, as in the photo of the gray one, but still too much. i altered it by paring it down by 7 inches at the back neck, and tapering down to meet the lapel at mid-chest. the fabric looks like boiled wool, but is actually a tigh
"This jacket is my favorite purchase in a while! i used my last month 50th birthday discount on it!
it is of exceptional materials and quality construction. the juxtaposition of the stripes against the beautifully vibrant embroidery on back is stunning! it does run true to size as it is an oversized piece, which adds to its classy dramatic flare! my size medium came in the european size 38. for reference, i am an american size 8-10. 
it is comfortable to wear and can easily accomodate large ful"
I loved the colors and the feel of the fabric. it was a lovely dress but it fit weird on my 34 dd chest so back it goes. the zipper had one spot where it was tight, right at the widest part of my rib cage. it was fine every where else. too bad.

I bought this blouse on sale in a medium because it was the last one left in the store. i usually wear a large, but surprisingly it fit. i'm a woman of color, and the off white and lace looks great with my complexion. i got many compliments on the blouse as i made my way to the register to check out. i can't wait to wear it this spring. i'll have to be careful when wearing this blouse because one good snag with a fingernail, or necklace and the lace will be torn. other than that, i'm very happy
These shorts are just beautiful. with that said, they were expensive, but made reasonable when i snagged them in the online sale! they do also run large, and they seem to be made for short-waisted bodies. i will be bringing them back to my local store to (hopefully) exchange for a smaller size. fingers crossed that they still have them in stock!
I strongly disagree with the previous reviewer. the shirt in our store was featured in all colors.  i chose the burnt orange color to try on and it is was incredibly soft!  i felt like i was wearing a t-shirt with an easy on and easy off feel. the flow of the shirt allows you to wear out or tuck in.  i paired with teal velvet crops and tucked the shirt in for more structure to the outfit. love!!!
Love this sweater. fun for fall. soft fabric and runs true to size. will look great with jeans or dress pants.
The weave is very loose and chunky which i like but isn't so apparent in the picture. also the sleeves bell more than it looks like on the model. the color is a great caramel and it fit tts. i think it will be great on cooler days.
Love this sweater, do wish i sized up for a little longer length, but works great with high rise pants.  comfy and great color
I felt inspired to write a review as soon as i put this on. the vest fits so well, and the thick fabric feels amazing. love the pockets! like the previous reviewer, i feel like i'll be able to wear this with workout clothes or with a dressier outfit. it has an ever so slight racer back, so probably would look weird with sleeveless tops that come all the way to your shoulders, but i can already think about so many ways i want to wear it. the draping in the front also falls really nicely. great bu
"With my 5'9', hourglass frame, wider hips and having a baby, i wear normally sizes 10/12 (m/l) in most retailer skirts and dresses. however, with this, i was able to fit into an 8; it just sat higher up and was too form fitting for my liking. here are my thoughts:
_________
pros:
- lots of stretch and comfort.
- pockets! always a plus in my book :)
- will go with any top.
- nice length. fit me as in the model.
- very slimming.
- you could probably go down a size if you are slender with not wide hi"
This is a favulous cape...in fact i would buy another if there were other colors! it is oversized, playful, chic, dramatic and simply put a true statement piece. it will not be flattering to your figure...it is not suppose to...but it will show your true sense of style! wish it had pockets...i may add them for more play.
I saw this sweater online and had to try it. i went to my local retailer to try it on and i'm glad i did. i am usually a xs - s in tops and i thought this fit best in a medium. it's very chunky which is what i was looking for and so soft - not scratchy at all. it has wide bell sleeves, but that's very on trend right now. i am 5'4, 34b and it falls about an inch below the top of my jeans. it's not form fitting but so snugly. i plan on wearing it with dark denim skinnies, booties, and simple jewlery
I ordered a small and it is enormous; i usually wear a size 10. it is short but the fullness in the body and the sleeves made me look like a sumo wrestler. also, it is a very heavy knit which would be great for up north but too bulky for atlanta unless the temps are in the 40s. i'm sending it back.
These two blouses are probably my best purchases anywhere in some time. fit is perfect, quality is great and both will be worn many times this summer and into the fall. unique from the all other tops i have seen lately.
This skirt is really cute and versatile, it can be dressed up or down. i paired it with a black chiffon top for a dressed up look and a denim button down for a casual look. the length is good, and the buckles allow it to be tightened, which is a plus if you have an athletic body.
"I adore this sweater. it is so soft and cozy. i ordered two because i really need some good winter sweaters that are forgiving on the pooch but not wool (darn allergies). so i ordered this in the white and black (camel is a bad color for me).

tried on the first sweater when they arrived and it was so comfy i didn't want to take it off. then i looked in the mirror. i'm a tall gal, 5' 11"" with broad shoulders and i weigh about 165, and this sweater was so unflattering! it just made me look big"
I saw the skirt on a display today at my local store. i was attracted by the colors and the display itself. my thoughts, " give it a chance". i bought the size 10 without even trying it on, with the idea that the colors and style had so much potential, i am so pleased with this skirt! the fit is true, although if you like a higher ride on the waist, i would size down. the fabric has just the right amount of stretch to make it super comfortable. i had so many staple items in my wardrobe that i wi
"This shirt is exactly what i expected! it is just as cute as on the website and the fit was great! it's the perfect shirt for summer, loose fitting but in a flattering way. the design makes it very versatile since it can be matched with so many colors!

i highly recommend it!"
The colors of this dress are beautiful and i really wanted to love it but it wasn't cut for my body shape. i think you either need to be curvy to fill out the chest or straight up&down to have it lay flat (as in the model). ordered size 6: 34b, 150 5' 9", tall/slim build. i also think the hi/lo hem of the dress isn't well indicated in the pictures; i'm not a fan of the style and was hoping it would be minimal however the hem is definitely asymmetric.
This is really cute - it has a boxy look and bell-like sleeves. the knit is chunky and so very soft. i didn't want to take it off. i purchased an xs in black. it's gorgeous. my beige bra shows through so i will need to wear black or a camp underneath. it feels really heavy - in a good way - and it feels like it will be really warm. the black has a velvety look to it. i'm smitten. i should also mention that it did feel cropped to me - i know i read other reviews that said it wasn't cropped. i fee
Lovely knit and so soft, but the bottom curls up underneath, similar to the bell sleeves. runs oversize too, got xs and it's too bulky and unflattering since the bottom doesn't lay flat. returned!
I saw the black in store and had to try on. it is very, very cute. i would say it fits a bit small. i tried my usual medium and while it fit, it was a little short. id take you could take your regular size or size up. i would not size down in this one. adding to my wish list and hoping it sticks around til sale time!
Let it be known that i hate shopping for jeans. i recently had my go-to skinny jeans rip by my back pocket and new i needed to get something new & better stat. i have a pair of black ag sateens that i got a few years ago, and i decided to try out this pair. i got them in the mail yesterday, and i never want to part with them! they are perfection. they hit perfectly on my waist; they're incredibly comfortable and basically make you feel like you're wearing the jean equivalent to yoga pants. they
Was scared at first to order this product, when i tried it on i was amazed on how good it looks. fits just like the model picture, and the material is awesome.
Great dress! wish it came it more colors, would like to buy another one. i am 5'5",125, size small is perfect. unlike one of the previous reviewers, i do not think it is too clingy. maybe she needed to size up.very versital, cute with a jean jacket, or long lightweight scarf, booties, or sandals! .
This dress is perfect for spring and early summer. it has some weight to it and so it drapes beautifully. it is very well made and the fabric is good quality. the color is a medium color gray; much prettier than in the picture. i wear a small in most retailer dresses and this fit perfectly in a small. it hugs in all the right places and skims from the hips just like in the picture.. the length was just as it looked on the model. i am 5' 5".
This is such a unique and fun dress. i'm so glad i found it and it fits perfectly!
I've passed this dress by a number of times online, but ordered it on a whim on the mothers day promo. based on the reviews, i ordered my regular size, medium. it fit perfectly. i do think the cut is on the trim side, but it isn't tight or fitted. i probably couldn't eat a big meal in this though as it would probably show in this dress. the fabric is buttery soft! the button placket down the front is very clean and lays flat. there are two side pleats that are a different fabric and are ever so
What a unique twist on the traditional cargo jacket! the swing styling on this jacket is so cute---not too full-, you still get a nice silhouette from the front, with the swing in the back this is a fresh take on this staple. it will be a "go-to" piece in my closet!! the quality of the material and tailoring on the jacket is wonderful!!! as other reviewers have commented, it does run large. i am exchanging it for a size down. i can't wait to get it in and wear it!

"You make classy stuff. this skirt is a nice take on a tweed skirt.
colors: can't tell from the picture, but there is red and pink thread as part of the tweed, very fun and happy, yet appropriate colors for fall and winter. the cut is very flattering, the scallop part is interesting though, it is sown at one part of the skirt, in the middle, not sure why. i ordered the 0p, and that fit me like a glove. (26.5 in waist, 35-36 in hips, 115 lbs).

length on the petite was above the knee, like show"
This would be great on someone with a slim build. it's very true to size, it hits above the hips and runs pretty straight through the body for a boxy look. i loved the color and pointelle detail but on my thicker build it just sort of hung in a too-casual way. note that it is the kind of cotton that is likely to stretch with wear (and spring back with cleaning).
This is a steal at the sale price. medium is large on me and i'm generally a large at retailer. so soft.
I tried these on at the store and thought the color, texture and style was very nice, but i needed the petite length. so i came online but was disappointed to see that the style is sold out in petite! darn. the regular length hits me just above the ankle, so i suppose it is still do-able, but i hate to pay full price for something that doesn't fit quite right. maybe if it goes on sale i will consider it.
Love the blue color. is a bit short, but fine with a tank underneath. i purchased the small, that's what i usually wear.
This jacket is perfect! the crop length is just right! not to short and the way it is cut longer in the back it really paints a beautiful silhouette on my larger frame. i'm a a 12 typically but broad in the shoulders and larger in the bust 36dd. this jacket is loose fitting and roomy. i could probably have gone with a large, but i'm really happy with the xl as i can layer underneath and it's just super roomy and comfy. the quality of this jacket is great. it will be a staple for years to come. i
Tried on this maxi dress recently, hoping i would have a new dress to enjoy but the frabic is just too thin. so sad :(. unfortunately it shows every lump and bump and even wearing spanx while trying on it still showed too much. a full length slip would help but i decided to put it back.
I love this top. i got a medium in black on sale. i am 5'8'' and 135lbs. the medium fits great. the medium is slightly loose on me through the tummy, which is nice - in my experience, it is not too constraining, contrary to other reviews. however, i think it depends on your body shape; i am a coke-bottle. this will be a wardrobe staple for day to day and going out; note, it is too low-cut for work wear. very happy with my purchase.
These are some of my favorite new pants. i am never disappointed by the quality from this brand and they are super comfortable and adorable. a definite must have!
Gorgeous color and great price, but too low cut and because of the design, a cami's wouldn't work. disappointed

I'm surprised by the negative reviews and i'm here to come to its defense! i love this dress! i'm solidly a 0 petite in tracy reese and this fit perfectly. the top isn't snug but it's not roomy enough to say it runs large. just perfectly comfortable. the belt was a little tricky because it has to thread through several loops, but it stays put nicely and fit perfectly without being too snug or uncomfortable. the fitted top with the belt offsets the fit and flare style of the skirt. lace is beauti
I have been on the hunt for a replacement cargo jacket for about a year now. i thought this one was going to be it!! ordered it right away. i got it in an xl as retailer coats always seem to run small on me (i am very busty so sometimes the more fitted styles won't even close without a big gap). this is not the case with this jacket. it runs really big - it looks like it could be an xxxl...but the design is great with a zipper and button closures, pockets and cute back cut...the color is slightly
"I bought this online. this looked like a sweater that was accidentally shrunk in the dryer, when i received it.

i will be returning this."
Received december 23 and 83 degrees in louisiana but weather can change from hot to cold in an hour. this sweater is so soft, so cozy, i'm ready to run the air conditioning! beautiful styling, well-made, and has a generous fit that you may or may not prefer. this will be one of my very favorite garments . luxurious, and i deserve it. i ordered a large, have long arms, and the sleeves do come over hand as shown in photo. it is very loose and flows over my jeans. i am an extremely difficult to ple
Absolutely love, love this dress. it is so comfortable and falls perfectly. the material is great and you can dress it up or wear it casually. if it had more colors, i would get it it in any color it came in!!
This dress is very small in the bust and maxi length on short people (5'3" 36dd). i can't wear a normal bra, i have to use adhesive pasties. the fabric is very smooth, thick and satin like, but fuzzes easily. mine came with minor thread pulls and one strap was sewn on twisted. the pattern in real life is very pink as opposed to the model sample which has more blue landscape. i'd like to hem the dress but i would sacrifice pattern. still very pretty dress. be sure to size up one or two depending
I bought this dress with my birthday gift and i do not regret it! it's so soft and feels like pure comfort but the details, little metal buttons down the front, the vent pleats on the side; make it feel special. i received many compliments and i would urge you to get this one if you are seeking comfort. it was pretty true to size and because i'm an average height i wore a small block heel with it.
After reading the reviews about this top being really clingy, i decided to order up a size and purchased a medium. when i took it out of the box today and held it up it looked huge and i thought i had made a mistake. however when i tried it on it actually fit really well! i could see if i had ordered my usual small how it would have clinged to my body in a unflattering way. very happy with the top and thankful for the reviews.

I'm 5'8, 130 and the small fit very nice. i ordered on line and on one of the legs the elastic closure at the bottom snapped. got a new pair at the store. you can dress these up or down. they are fun.
Ive been on the hunt for big bulky sweaters because winter is coming and i live in the north, i saw this sweater and needed to give it a try. i got it i the mail and its truly gorgeous and extremely well made. this is the type of sweater to wear on a cold snowy day. it runs a little big but thats okay with me because its perfect to snuggle up in. i love this sweater but be aware it is thick and bulky so its not made to make you look like a twig. i like big sweaters and this design flows from sma
Great pair of pants to wear to work, and interview or out to lunch. i got so many compliments the first time i wore these. i'm 5'2" i ordered the burgundy color in a size 0, regular which is what i normally wear and they fit fine. however they were just a tad big in the waist and a tad tight around my calves but other that they're a great pattern pant to have you wont be disappointed!
I ordered these pants in black and brick. the pattern is great, but the sizing and fit are way off. i usually wear an 8 or a medium in retailer. i ordered these pants in a 10, 12, and 12 petite. the 10 actually fit, but there is no stretch in these fitted pants. they were very uncomfortable to walk or sit in. however, if you're standing up all day and not doing much moving around, these pants are perfect! the print is great in both black and brick. i couldn't decide which one i liked best. wish th
This dress did not impress me when i was browsing the website online. when i went to a store, though, the colors struck me as really vibrant and earthy, and i wanted to give it a chance. i tried it on and it fit like a glow! i am a 5'1'', 100 pounds, and got an xxs p which was a perfect fit. the length was great for me (petite size) and did not need altering. the online photo may not do justice to the little details on this dress. definitely a very high quality dress that i would categorize as a
Love this top. very easy to wear to lunch or site seeing. the fabric is soft and drapes nicely.
I just received this in the mail and really enjoy it! it's a nice color and very gauzy/ airy. the only think i didn't love is that it's a little bit in the chest area, which is rare considering i'm usually a m in that area.
I wanted this top ever since i saw it online, it is so me. it's a nice mix of feminine and masculine, you can pair it with a nice pair of jeans or even business pants to dress it up. this will make the perfect summer shirt and it hangs so nicely! i highly recommend this shirt, i would get it before its gone!
The fabric is very soft and the fit is formed to the body. low cut, so may want to pair with a cami. great basic for work!
I love sundry clothing. this lightweight fleece is the perfect weight. it keeps you warm enough when it's cold, but not hot when it is milder. it's super soft with nice embroidery. size 1 is a great fit for my 5'1" frame. wear it to hang at home or to go out.
This is a beautiful dress, considering it is made from polyester. that being said, the material has a nice finish and looks like it could be silk. it's a flattering cut (other than being a tad short-waisted) and hangs well. it was also a bit tight through the bust. unfortunately, if you are on the taller side, it tends to be high waisted and short in length.my daughter is 5'11" and a size 10. the medium fit best, although because of the length, she is reluctantly returning it. sad, because it ha
This sweater is great for cold weather. it is very comfortable and soft. only down side is it is a little boxy.
I *loved* the brown color on the model, and i love the wrap style in general. however, i'm not sure if the color looks as goon on me. i first ordered my standard size small (5'7", 137 lbs 32 b), which fit, but exchanged it for the looser fit (medium) shown in the pictures. i really like that the material is a thin, but not see through cotton. it has an extra cotton layer lining in front which is nice. the v isn't too low on me, so i don't *have* to wear a cami under. not really crazy about the s
Love these pants. the design is totally different and that is what i love! i paired these with the velvet red shoes from this site - also on sale. for me these ran true to size.
Someone returned my size so i got to try it on in store. the cut is very flattering, the material is stretchy. the lace part is nicely made too. overall great piece. the petite waist did hit me a little higher than on model, i have a regular torso and short legs (and overall usually need petite)
If you care that it's sheer- be forewarned. i probably won't wear a cami under it, as it's not terrible, but worth noting. that said, its lightweight fabric will be perfect for summer and its design is gorgeous boho at its best. it's cut quite generously and i do wish i'd gone down a size.
I really love the look of this jumpsuit, casual but classy. shapely but comfortable. i'm 5'4 and, similar to another reviewer, proportional torso to leg ratio. the legs were longer on me than the model in the picture, but no problem there because they're cuffed.however the arm holes are too big. my bra shows, and the particular one i got came damaged with some of the embroidery coming unraveled on the back. it's also supposed to be dry cleaned and that's annoying for casual wear. returning it.
I sized up based on other reviews which was good advice. i am typically a size 6 but sized up to a 10. the pants are very unique and i think on the right body type would look amazing. it seems like someone with curves and a small waist might fit these splendidly...but that's not me. i had some extra material puffing about in the zipper region. i also expected the material to be thicker but found it to be more silky.
I'm so glad the other reviewer also found these small. literally, the largest size i have ever bought. but the style is really cute, sort of dapper british boy...
Got these in the red brick color, and unfortunately had to send them back. these are really cute and i loved the color and pattern, but they ran very small, and the cut between the legs and hips was odd. this may not have been a problem had i gone up at least one size. best to try them on if possible.
"So comfortable, great fit, dress it up with wedges, down with flats,
extremely soft and flattering. i normally wear a xs/s and the small fit perfectly. i'm 5'6"" and the length is just slightly cropped."
I just purchased these pants in red on sale. i am 5/5", 143 pounds, and the 10 fit perfectly (i am either an 8 or a 10 in pants, depending upon brand). it is really hard for me to find pants that are cute, unique, work-appropriate, and flattering. these pants fit the bill in all aspects. i thought i would prefer the black, but am really glad i got the red.
Great dress, fit perfectly warm for the winter, i live in florida it will be great if we get a winter next year. very comfortable and easy to wear.
Tried this romper on in store and wanted to love it but it just didn't fit me right. it'a great romper, cute design, super soft-light fabric and overall a great feel but it doesn't work to well for short girls with any types of hips. i have a very small waist and larger bottom and this romper just was very unflattering. i couldn't get the tie waist to sit anywhere that felt like my natural waist, instead it kept giving me a kangaroo pouch and hung on my upper thighs. sizing up didn't help becaus
Being somewhat on the 'fluffy' side, the style is very flattering and forgiving and will be ideal for summer. i am between a size 14 and a 16 and the 14 fits perfectly. light and airy a very nice, simple embroidery in contrasting color. very chic in an effortless way. the armholes are just right--not too big! the color is definitely a creamy ivory. worth the cost because i don't think it will be available for too long.
I loved the jumpsuit but unfortunately had to return it due to running a little on the small size.
"I love these pants! beautiful quality material, soft on the skin. fits well. definitely a tailored fit. true to size. unique design, and really fun!
i am 5 foot 5, and weigh 132 lbs. i am apple shaped, so i was worried these would be too tight around the hips, but they aren't ."
I really liked this jumpsuit but it just wasn't perfect. the design at the top is a bit stiff compared to the rest of the jumpsuit. i felt the whole thing ran just slightly too large. it was nice - but not amazing.

"I love this romper!  i am 5'2 and the medium fit great and wasn't long.  i'm short so i thought i would have to hem this!  it's comfortable and, although, i'm not a huge fan of gauze, the fit was perfect.  i had to
snatch it!"
I&#39;ve been looking for comfortable pants that i could wear to work and at home.  these fit the bill.  i bought these in the holly color for the fall and winter.  they are super soft and very comfortable.  i was worried that they would like dumpy, especially around the seat area, but they fit fine.
However, i unfortunately followed others advice saying these run small. i had to return/ exchange to a 00p. in turn had to give up the sassy red and settle for black. although they are beautiful trousers in black as well...
Received this shirt yesterday and loved it. doesn't look that great online in pics, but it is a unique and beautiful top. the material is a substantial woven cotton so it lays nicely and keeps its shape . i am 5'5 and 128lbs and a small bust size 34a , i usually wear small in shirts but since it is a longer length i didn't want it to tight around my butt.... i am curvy in that area size 6 pants....i ordered the medium and i am so glad i did .. it lifts just like on the model...the only downfall
Unique print but not great execution. the pant legs are very tight, i have average sized calves and i sized up one size. the hook closure was oddly tight and difficult to clasp. when i first saw the color it looked like burnt sienna or a dried blood color. too bad this didn't work out.
This dress is absolutely amazing! i am an retailer addict, a good portion of my wardrobe is from retailer. that being said, this is one of my all time favorite purchases! this dress is a beautiful statement. i am tall and curvy and this dress fits like a glove but is very comfortable. the quality of the beading and the fabric is very good. i wore it on my hawaii vacation, and got numerous compliments! don't pass this one up! five stars!
I wanted to love this sweater. the photo of the model makes it look so soft and warm. i liked the heavy texture and the extra long sleeves. however, after receiving this sweater i tried it on for less than 1 minute. one look in the mirror was enough to make me take it off and return it asap. the knit quickly expanding from small to large right over the bust, combined with the boxy shape was an atrocious combo. it must have added 30lbs to my physique and made my bust look matronly. yikes! this ma
This dress is comfortable and versatile - one could wear it to the office or to a social event, day to night. i didn't find the sizing to run as large as some of the other reviewers did. i felt it was true to size. it is not lined so you would need a slip under it if you wear it with tights or nylons, otherwise the skirt will cling.
Such a beautiful print. i sized up to a 14 because it looked like it has a high waist and it does. the waist comes almost to my bra line. unfortunately, there's a huge amount of fabric and it swallowed me. not slimming at all. i felt like i was wearing a curtain.  i loved the slits in the photo but due to the amount of fabric they weren't visible. i'm short and this literally pooled on the ground a few inches. if you're tall and thin, this is a beauty.
"I am usually a size 2 in tops. i am very, very rarely a size 0, so upon reading other reviews of this top i decided to order the 2 and assumed it would fit the way a 2 usually does. obviously this is designed to be a loose, flowing top. that's why i wanted to order it. however, the 2 is simply too loose in every direction. my primary gripe is that the arm holes are gaping and falling at the side in a way i don't think it intended.

i do really like the styling and quality, so i am planning on"
These pants are fantastic! the pattern alone is to die for, but they also have just the right amount of stretch for the perfect fit! i received so many compliments when i wore them i felt like a rock star!
Bought these in 2p and i'm normally 0p in most pants. for reference, i'm 5'1 and 107 lbs and the 2 fit perfect! got many compliments on these pants
Unlike other reviewers, i found these pants to run true to size (in my case, my usual 6) or even a tad roomy. the red pattern is just festive enough for informal holiday parties. i appreciate the belt loops!
Decent quality. i am 5'4" 130 pounds. m is too big. runs slightly large.
Very comfy and flattering. cool on a hot day. slightly difficult to use the restroom, though.
"These pants are so fun. i love the pattern and color. can be dressed up or down. very flattering.
highly recommend trying them on, they were better than i expected them to be"
I bought these on a whim, patterned bottoms aren't normally my thing. i was pleasantly surprised. they fit well, look great and i had lots of compliments.
This jumpsuit is great. i recently had a baby and am still trying to get the last 10 lbs of baby weight off and this jumpsuit is very forgiving and super comfortable. i'm usually a medium & i wasn't sure if i should size up. i ordered the medium and it was the right choice. great light material for summer and nice neckline.
I bought this today in a size 2. fits perfect. i am normally a 0 or 2 or xs. the top looks and fits exactly like the picture if you are small chested. because it is not long in the front. i think if you are larger chested the top will stick out too much and be too short in front. it is not super voluminous in front which is a good thing. it does have the volume in the back which gives it a cute shape. it is on the shorter side. very nice material and design as well as details. overall good pick.
This dress is absolutely beautiful! it fits like a glove and the material is super soft. so in love with this! i'm 5'2'm and normally a xs/s. the xspwas a better fit in the waist and chest. the arm holes were a bit tighter on me. the sp was way too large.
Beautiful patterns and colors, but it sits very high and runs small. i'm normally a size 4 and got the small. zipped all the way, but on the snug side. the skirt sits so high that the fabric coming down was a bit awkward. such a shame because it really is beautiful and looks great on the model probably because she's wearing a belt to hide how high it rides and flares out.
I tried on this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love! i'm a bigger gal who is busty and have wider hips. this dress made me look and feel slimmer, and is light to wear. the dress is a perfect length too. i'm 5'11 and this dress hits me right at the ankles. if your looking for a long dress to wear that can be either formal or casual, this one is perfect!
"I decided to try this on just for fun because the colors and design are absolutely gorgeous. here are my thoughts:
_________________
pros:
- the jeweled neckline is lovely! it really helps set the dress apart.
- pockets!!! such an elegant dress to have pockets is a huge plus in my book. :)
- the length is ideal for taller folk.
- it swings beautifully on the body and flares out quite a bit on the bottom. if you're tall as i am, this won't be an issue.
- nicely conservative at the top.

cons:
- i"
I loved this sweater when i saw it online and ordered right away. i purchased a s and the fit was very off. the arms were long (which i don't mind) but the sweater was also super heavy and bulky so it was not at all flattering. i really wanted to love it and it seemed to be of good quality but it i had to return it.
Love sundry. great quality. if you want a looser more comfy fit size up!
Beautiful colors
This just wouldn't lay right on me. the top is really too big. maybe if you're really busty, this is great, but not for me. i know the top is supposed to be a bit blousy, but it was huge and droopy and unflattering (not like in the picture). the arm holes were too big and hung down so you could see my bra, which i really hate and which is way too common lately. the bottom half fit perfectly, so sizing up or down would not have helped. the material is super light and comfy, which i liked very muc
This is one of my favorite tops i've ordered. flowing and relaxed with great details at the neck. i get compliments every time i wear it.
This jumpsuit is lovely and comfortable, with gorgeous embroidered detailing, but it really needs to come in petite sizes. at 5'4" with a pretty proportional torso to leg ratio, i found the hem length okay but the top portion way too long. for the waistband to be anywhere near my natural waist, the shoulders would have had to be taken up several inches and the armholes shortened.
This dress is stunning! my sister-in-law was hoping to use it as a bridesmaid dress for her wedding and i ordered it for fitting purposes. it fit beautifully on my 5'10" frame. unfortunately she decided against it due to availability and because of the length on the shorter bridesmaids. while it fell to a couple inches above my ankles, it made the shorter girls look shorter. i ended up returning it but am regretting not keeping it now!
I was a little concerned ordering these online without seeing them in person but they do not disappoint! the fabric has a little texture to it that makes them look and feel like a high quality pant. the design is unique and provides visual appeal, and i still feel like i can wear them in my office without looking out of place. i love the high waist on these!

This skirt is a nice medium weight and is lined. my normal size 4 fit perfect. i only wish it was available in petites. if you are petite, the skirt is ankle length. but this is a good skirt to wear to work.
Runs large and pocket detail is very prominent. wanted a crisper, trouser-like pant--this is not it!
The beadwork is gorgeous, but the sleeves are so puffy, it looks as though you're wearing shoulder pads. the fabric of the shirt isn't that fabulous either.
These trousers are wonderful. the fabric is comfortable and does have a little give to it.
I really wanted to not like the top for that price, but ti looks really good, the beading makes the shirt stunning... i ordered the 0p, not sure what size to get, and it is just fine. the length is almost too short, but isn't. the rest of the shirt fits nicely. the shoulder are wide, like poofing out a bit, perhaps that is hwy some people thought it looked large? the beading work is beautiful also a little sheer, but not crazy. debating whether to keep it but right now i love it. also, teh colla
Very pretty top, comfortable and soft but looks nice enough for work!
Normally i am a size 10 or 12 but i sized down to a small. still very swingy and beautiful. i bought the pink and the taupe as well. the colors are beautiful and have great texture to hide stains!
I was a little surprised when i received this dress, as it is little more than an a-line tube with elastic casing at the top and a cute knotted detail at the bust. i guess i expected the bust to be lined at least. it is unlined, and a relatively thin jersey knit. it wasn't see through, for it is black, but i expected a heavier fabric. i would never have paid full price for this, but at the sale price it is very cute and comfortable. it is also flattering and the fit is true to size. the a-line t
This shirt is so great. it's beautiful and functional. i received countless compliments the first time i wore it. i'm looking forward to wearing it again! worth the steep price, though it was hard to justify.
Very pretty blouse. it does run quite large, i am usually an xs-s or 0-4 and purchased the 0. i could probably have gone to a 00. for reference i am 5'4" 118 lbs 34b/c. it says that it is dry clean only, however i washed in in delicate cycle with cold water and threw in the dryer for a little bit. it came out perfect! i was hoping to shrink it and it only shrunk a tiny bit. i was hoping for it to shrink more but it is fine. no need to even iron it! i was lucky enough to get it on sale, i don't t
The blue was a great color and i like the idea of a reversible top. however the xs was just swimming on me. this looks much more fitted in the pictures. my favorite workout top is from this brand and it is fitted and held up for 6 months. where are the fitted tops?? i'll keep looking.
This runs really big. i usually wear s or m so i got a small but i need the xs in this top and it is sold out. i don't have a store close by (about an hour away) and i hate paying shipping for returns! i will either have to plan a trip to the store or try to exchange for size over the phone. i debated keeping the small but it is really too big .... i love the style though!
I am always looking for a nice denim skirt and this one is great the pale pink is perfect and the stretch is awesome. i wore wedges with it and a nice romantic top and it looked great. i originally got a 8 and a 10 and kept the 8 because of the stretch it fit perfectly. nice length and great quality
I purchased this top in the taupe color, and it is much prettier in person than it photographs online. it runs about a half size too large, and sits slightly off the shoulders. fun casual top for the fall.
This is not worth $128. it looks cute on but....there is no support in the bust area. just a slight tuck in the fabric -it also is very flowy which is great and it is comfortable but for the price and the thinness and lack of meatiness to the fabric itself i cannot recommend and will be returning. i'll look for something else. i haven't bought from retailer in a dogs age and i hope the quality hasn't slipped - i will look for another option.
I got this top in an xs and the fit is great. the top is a little darker than pictured. it looks great with white, kaki and denim.

This is a beautiful beaded shirt. the quality seems good. i just didn't like the shoulders. they are pleated and puffy. the picture doesn't really show them very well. also the collar is a little floppy. i was hoping it would have an option to stand up but that is not the case. the beading is well done and looks to be stable. i just thought it ran a little large and the shoulders looked puffy. i returned it.
I was pleasantly surprised with the fit of this top! at 5' 6", i'm rather busty, short waisted, and full-figured. i ordered my usual size 16, and the fit is a flattering, 'almost' empire silhouette. i was worried about the back being too long for my body shape, but it works great. the embroidery and construction make this a really special piece.
I've been adoring this online and while in store i happened upon this blouse and tried it on. the material was sturdy and the beading oh-so lovely, but on my frame it looked terrible. (i normally wear size m/10 in retailer clothes). as another reviewer mentioned, this blouse has rather puffy sleeves which aren't evident in the photo of the model. as well, i also didn't love the collar, which doesn't quite lay flat. if i were to buy this i would have to wait for it to go on sale and then get the po
This skirt is a rare find. slimming, flowing, and best of all, it finally sits on my waist and not on my hips, while hugging the hips in all the right places for the streamlined and sexy look. the fabric is substantial, yet soft, so no weird sticking out sides. the color is delicious very pale-tea-rose, better in person that the picture here, and is fresh for summer. nice length for office. easy to pair with either fitting or loose top/s and jackets. i also got a distressed denim pilcro west to
Extremely disappointed with this top. it runs extremely large. i'm 5'2, 130 lbs, 34c and usually wear between a 0-2 & xs-s tops at retailer. i ordered a 0 and it looked like a maternity top on me. the bottom half of the top flared out and did not fit close to the body at all. fabric was also a gauze-like material that was not soft. unfortunately, i will be returning.
"Tried this lovely with high waste, wide leg, black flowy pants. everything i could hope for and more, but not quite!

size: blindly ordered size 6. i'm usually a small, occasionally xs in retailer brands like floreat and akemi+kin. i'm 5'5"" tall, 130 lbs, 34d, 35-29-37, long torso, narrow shoulders, and short arms.

fit: size 6 had just enough space through the bust. the lace edged sleeves were roomy and just reached my wrists. the shoulders were just right. extra fabric ballooned out around t"
Fabric is soft, body runs a bit big but falls nicely. length is great for leggings or skinny jeans. overall, wonderful tee shirt!
The skirt is a little longer than i expected, it hits me at my calf, i considered having it shorten knee length but believe that may takeaway some of the aesthetic so i'm going to wear it as it. the quality is quite nice and the color is lovely, very feminine. nice skirt for a picnic
I tried these on in the store and didn't buy them with the other items in my 'yes' pile. i couldn't stop thinking about them and ended up ordering them. they are so cute. the fabric is a nice weight. they have little stretch.
I was glad that i was able to get this shirt which is really more of a spring/summer item, but i found it wide in the body and the shoulders.
It's hard to go wrong with the charlie's, especially in this fabric, keep them coming!! i wrote a review on the brush strokes as well. they fit pretty true to size, i'd say try both your usual size and one size down as well, they stretch out a little, so if they feel a little tight keep that in mind. because of the texture of these pants you can wear so many more colors than just usual black and white trouser fabric. try wearing a burnt orange, green, or pink (the isabella sinclair grid wrap but
Can't go wrong with these new charlie's by cartonnier. they fit amazingly. the fabric is a textured cotton but doesn't seem to wrinkle. just shook them out of the bag yesterday. the fabric description says cotton and spandex so they have some give (just a little) but are not going to stretch out after wearing for an hour. paired it with all sorts of different tops. side zip is slimming. lined pockets. substantial fabric. nothing bad to say. if you haven't tried a pair of charlies you should. you
Ordered the pink in a small, but it ran big...the xs was perfect for my 5'6' medium frame. it is comfortable and the fabric has an interesting texture. looks great with chinos or jeans. might need to get the other color.
When i first pulled this shirt from the box i thought it was a for sure winner. the beading was stunning, it was just so elegant and the details are perfection. "till i tried it on and had some reservations. the sleeves (at the top) were very poofy and just would not lay in a flattering way unless they were rolled above my elbow to tighten them. and as a taller gal, i wish it were a tad longer (in the model shot, looks a bit short from the back view). i fear tucking it would loosen the bead work
This is a really great top. it looks fantastic on. while it is a bigger fit, its so flattering. i get tons of compliments every time i wear it.
I ordered this shirt last week, it's beautiful!!!!! it's even prettier than the photo. i'm 5.3 120lbs ,i ordered the petite 6 and it fit perfectly!!!! i wish it came in more colors, i'd order another one in a minute!
So i actually loved this skirt (the tea rose color and coppery gold buttons were perfect together) and it's rare to find something that's simultaneously so form-fitting and comfortable.... but i hold a lot of my weight in my butt and thighs, and i just felt like it was a little too sexy for work (especially with that long slit - i might feel differently if it didn't have that slit, because then i could at least pair it with a cute oversized cardigan to tone things down a bit for the office). if
Very cute top but runs very very big ! im5 ft 5 in tall, 120 lbs. i ordered the xs but it was so big it looked like a maternity top.. sadly returned the top. otherwise the top was made of good quality fabric.
I love this vest. get compliments every time i wear it. it's stretchy too :). unfortunately i got ranch dressing on it and spot treated it with shout and now the spot is gone but the color faded there. so little tip don't spill on it lol. my fault though so still 5 stars!
I have been eyeing this piece for months now! i broke down and bought it when they finally had my size in stock. i am 5 '4 and 110 lbs and have a very small chest so i ordered an xs. i think the top is too baggy for me. yes, the top and bottoms fit overall, but it doesn't look as nice and form fitting like it does on the model. it is very sheer--which is the thing that discourages me the most. i love the concept of this piece but the execution could use some work, which i am willing to work on s
This top is everything i wanted it to be. the fabric is beautiful, and the fit is flowy and comfortable. i would love to own a u-neckline version.
Great t. great lightweight, almost linen like fabric. a bit on the sheer side, but love the fit and the neckline!
I bought this for my mother and she really loves it. it is a bit on the large side for her but have decided to keep it. the quality seems very good and great styling for a washable item! i actually like it so much i may order one for myself!
I order this sweater in black - size small - and i just love it. i'm a slender 5' 9" 130 lbs and the small is perfect in for me. while it has the classic cardigan look and a slightly oversized "boyfriend" feel to it, the rounded front hem, hip pockets, and buttons that end slightly above the bottom hem (where the rounded hem begins) are unique touches i appreciate and love in retailer's clothing. the weight was slightly heavier than i expected and better quality, but it is perfect for my minneapol
Flattering fit and neckline. too thin to wear without a cami or tank underneath (for me), but i was expecting that. great go-to tee.
I've been looking at these for some time and i finally pulled the trigger. i'm glad i did because these tights are such a fun accessory to add to my wardrobe. they add just enough whimsy to classic dresses and skirts. these are not your everyday thin stretchy tights. they remind me of the tights i would wear in the winter as a little girl; they are really sweater tights. i think this aspect is great, but they do not have as much give as other tights. i am petite, about 5'3" 112 lbs and the small
I expected the waist to be cinched like it appears on the model but it isn't. i ordered the xs and i'm swimming in it (i'm 5'4" and 120 lb). would suggest ordering a few sizes down to avoid looking like you're wrapped in grandma's table runner.
I love this top. i am always looking for tops that are comfortable and work as basics. the material is super soft and not too clingy. it feels like pajamas, but looks very polished. i am a little wide in the stomach and bust, but this didn't look boxy. i got these in all 3 colors.
This was what i was looking for ! the little stripes ,black and white color,the shape of the jacket and skirt together....well perfect. kind of. i purchased this entire ensemble. the skirt was going to be shortened because well i'm short. no problem ,this is a common occurrence for me. but the jacket would not work for me. the sleeves were way too tight for my muscular arms. there was no way the adorable shirt would fit in there. the shirt is adorable by the way. all of these pieces are made ver
This top is just as beautiful in person as online. however, it has two issues for me. 1. it is too short. this might work if you have a short torso, but it would forever show my stomach. 2. the fabric has way too much static cling. no matter what i tried, it just clung to my stomach and flared out at the sides. not attractive. in short, if you have a short torso and don't mind battling the static, this truly is a beautiful top.
These tights are so cute and can add some fun to any outfit. i paired with a mustard mini, denim shirt and desert boots! they do run small. i am a size 4 and had to get the m/l
I love retailer sweaters, in fact, i believe all my sweaters are from retailer! this cardigan is really nice and i'm so glad i bought it. it will work well with skirts, dresses, pants... it's well made and soft and comfy. highly recommended!
I really wanted to love this shirt. the fit was great, and the fabric just felt beautiful. luxurious, soft and flowing. but the collar was frayed... in addition, the little keyhole area fabric also had to be carefully handled to make it look smooth and not like bad workmanship. i put it aside to return it, then this morning went to have another look at it, wanting to talk myself back into it. but i can't overlook the fact i'd be ordering a new shirt that would look time-worn. it may be only this
This cardi is cuter in the stock photos. in person, the colors are a bit more drab. stock photos also don't show quite how much of a swing shape this has. it is very soft, though. returned it!
The material is cheap and looks torn. not as nice as the picture.
"Order a size down. i ordered a small from catalog and returned it to the store for an xs.
run large in the chest and down. the fit is more flowing than form fitting. nice material, not itchy at all."
This is a really nice top, especially for the price. i am 5'6", 34dd, 140 lbs and normally wear a medium in dolan tops. in this top i purchased size small since the gathered front provides ample room for my bust. some reviewers have found this top to be on the "boxy" side. i can see that if you don't size down as i did. i found the medium to have too much fabric and look very baggy whereas the small was perfect. i do wish this top was a tad bit longer and less sheer, though. white tops should be
This cardigan runs slightly large as it is boxy, which i love. the color is exactly as pictured and it is soooo soft! can't wait to wear it with a t-shirt and jeans!
I bought this shirt in the rust color along with the blue/black sweater skirt after seeing it on display in the store. not sure i would have ever put those 2 together but i love the outfit. i'm not much of a shirt-tucker, either, but this shirt works either way. tucked in a skirt or more casual with jeans. my only criticism is the static cling in the front, as mentioned by another reviewer. i had thought of getting it in white, but if it's shear, then maybe not. haven't been wearing a tank under
The bright poppy red is gorgeous and the cut flattering and interesting. i'm usually between a m and l in tops but went with a s in this one because it looked too sloppy in my usual size. i'm a 32-34 d with arms that aren't tiny, and it's a bit tight across the shoulders when i reach forward but not enough to be a problem. in the smaller size it skims my hips nicely but isn't as long as pictured on the model. i would suggest pear-shaped girls size down if in-between. it is sheer but not so much
Adorable foxes, i was smitten in the store but the fix is bizarre and the foxes don't come up very high so you're limited in the length you can wear. i bought the m/l based on salesperson advice and i can't imagine trying anything smaller, i usually wear a size s or 4 bottom, these were super snug. back to the store they went.
I tried this top because i loved the not so simple, simpleness of it. however, it was a miss for me. loved the fit and style, which i'd say is pretty true to size, i just didn't love the color on me. i went for the orange one and the color was a bit too bright for my liking. cute top though! for reference i'm a usually small, i'm 5'4" and a small fit perfectly.

Ordered the "white" tee, but when it arrived today, i was surprised by how cream it looked.the cut is nice and as other reviewers mentioned, it is on the sheer side. still on the fence of whether or not i'll keep it.
"I am short, on the heavy side. 5'1"" 156 lbs. i always wear large petite. this beautiful blouse swallows me. lots of fabric on the front side of the shirt, causing a boxy look. i could totally do a mp if not sp. i am going to try and exchange..
beautiful blouse, great quality, breathable fabric. colors are deep and rich. so comfy.. highly recommend."
Good structure and quality; a bit large and wish i had ordered something a bit brighter! (i ordered the white tee.)
Adore the rust color in this top. very pretty rust color. would go with a lot of stuff. my only small pet peeve with the shirt is the opening under the hook and eye. i have been wearing a seamless tank underneath. but everything else about the blouse fits so perfect, drapes nicely that i think the opening is a minor thing that a tank top can fix. beautiful on. felt that it fit tts. i'm usually a 34b, got an xs in this top.
This sweater is thicker and darker than it appears online. i thought it would be more of a blush color, but it's more dark gray and brown. it wasn't that flattering on me as a cardigan. looked a little cuter all buttoned up, but ultimately i am not keeping because of the color.
I like to have a capsule wardrobe for all seasons so that when i travel, or just for everyday, i have a multitude of options with a few good quality pieces. i am not a fan of 'dry clean only' items, so anything that i can find that i can at least hand wash with good results and is within my color palette and sense of style is always a great find. this light weight cardi can work for multiple seasons easily, it is a tad boxy, but it actually works for me (5'4, 34c, 125 lbs) i can wear it with a c
This sweater is far more slouchy and relaxed in fit than in it seems in the photograph. definitely size down. honestly, i kinda love it anyways! the inside is so very soft, and it's perfect for a sleek errand-running or hiking kind of day!
This is a cute work jacket, as well as paired with jeans.  flattering. very soft.  only con is this is thick with a soft cotton lining, so not great for summer in az, but will get plenty of use this fall. typically 6-8 on the top, i went with medium.  not tight in the arms as other reviewer noted.
I have this top in orange and white. it is a great top to throw on with jeans. don't put it in the dryer, will shrink.
This vest is perfect. it is a great layering piece to be worn with jeans, slacks or a skirt. it has a substantial weight without being restrictive. i made the purchase based on the other positive reviews and it was "love at first sight."
The material is more like a great tee for the sleeves and the back, so it is so comfortable. i agree with the previous review, i am not thrilled about the hook and eye, but it still looks cute with a tank under it. i bought it in black and i am ordering it as well in white. it looks great with skinny jeans or pants.
Such cute tights! i saw them and had to have them. they are a thick knit - very good quality. the color is a dark navy and the little foxes and a nice pop of color. i get lots of compliments on them.
This is a very cute, casual sweater. i originally ordered a size medium but i had to send it back because it was way too large all over. i recently received the size small and i'm going to keep it. it is still a roomy fit but the overall design of the sweater is a relaxed fit. the color combination and texture of this sweater is lovely.

I love layering this over basic tees (or graphic ones like the wild west tee) - it adds just the right amount of edge. currently building my pin collection to add on (vintage turquoise and rock music to be exact).
Classic and stylish. trendy with the blocking...rich colors, soft and comfy. i typically wear s and s was perfect. i love this sweater.

"These tights are so cute, but the sizing leaves much to be desired. i guess they are true to size since they are labeled s/m.

i'm 5'0"" with shorter legs than torso, and i suppose i'm lucky that i have muscular (read: large) quads/thighs to suck up some of the fabric, otherwise these might have just bunched up at my ankles.

the other thing i don't love about them is the feel of the fabric - it's more sweater-like (and not a soft sweater) than stretchy. maybe that was the intent, but i find tigh"
Nice fabric, great color, would be lovely ... on someone with a straight-and-narrow body type. for ladies with curves, take a pass--too much like maternity wear, and not in that elegantly slouchy kind of way. the straight-up "is she or isn't she" kind of way.
This bra is just as cute in person as it is in the pic! i can tell it's pretty well made and i love that it has a lot of little details like on the straps and the cute front-closure and lacy racerback. it also fits pretty true to size, which is a must for me because i often get bras that leave my boobs spilling out. however, this bra isn't the comfiest even though it looks like it would be pretty comfy in the picture.the style doesn't look too stiff or anything and the size i got isn't too tight
I love this top!!! i just had a baby and it is difficult to balance classy with comfortable with out looking sloppy. this top is perfect. it may run a tiny bit big but for the most part it is true to size. great for busty girls (36dd).
The color of this top is a bit more vibrant than online. material is light, but i can wear a beige bra underneath and not need a cami. fit was true to size for me and detail at the neckline is flattering. a keeper for me!
I had to have this when i saw it in a store. i was drawn to the shape and the neutral colors. i wore it for the first time today with a black tank. on me it looks best unbuttoned. it looks good with pants. the small fit best although the arms are a little tight at the upper arms. i have muscles so i don't think i could wear it with any top with sleeves.
The color is as pictured, like a deep coral. very comfy and great drape.
These fox tights are so very cute and fun! how can you not smile when wearing these tights designed with the cutest foxes all over! they are warm too! these go great under dresses or tunics and i always get compliments when wearing them! they are a real attention getter!
I really like this vest. personally, i think it is difficult to find vests that fit properly. this is a good one. fabric and color good. the photo is very representative of the color. no surprises there. arm holes are not too big which is often a problem. the detail on the back gives it some added interest. the only thing i would mention that could be a negative is that it is short, especially in the back. again the picture is representative but do pay attention to the length and be certain that
I didn't pay much attn to this online. i'm not much on front hook & tie closures. well, saw today at the local store & decided to try on both the s & m. i am usually a s in tops, but the m was only a bit more roomy & longer than the s, so i went with the size m. i thought the styling of it paired well w/ the pilcro cord skinnys i had on. looked much better than the pics online. i have other pilcro skinny cords & jeans in vs colors so i think this top will work out well for me. love the 3/4 sleev
I'm glad this was on sale because i would not have purchased it at full price due to the strange fit in the sleeve. the shirt has a slight raglan sleeve, but the sleeves do not fit loosely, they kind of twist under the armpit area. i do not have large arms, so i am ok with straightening out the knit sleeves, but they do not fit right. i also was surprised at the unfinished edge along the neckline. it is messy and tacky looking, but i think that is how it was meant to be. my recommendation to buy
Note to photographers: please don't cinch the wait of a blouse to make something look tailored when it isn't. this could have been a real win if it had been more simply executed. i'm petite, way too much fabric. returned.
"Fell in love with this a soon as i saw it in store. it is soft and can eaisly be dressed up or down. wore it to work already and got so many compliments. 
unfortunately when i saw it in store they didn't have it in stock. the very helpful gentlemen at the irvine, ca location checked online but it was sold out in my size. so he checked the stores that carried it. i called one and the mailed it to me. customer service in store is great!"
Lovely embroidery with a classic look, great addition to your wardrobe.
At first, i thought this top was going to be stiff. i am pleasantly surprised by how soft and flowy this blouse is. it's lovely cream color with beautiful lace details. i appreciate the lining inside the bodice which means i can potentially go bra-less when it's hot! i'm 5'2'', 135lb and retailer size s usually gives me plenty of room because i have a small upper body. but i feel this top is slight short on me. that might be because i didn't wear it off-the-shoulder but had it hang from the top of
I honestly never even tried this on - i ordered it and when it arrived it was not the kelly green color pictured, it was more of a dark bland green color. love the brand and very soft but had to return.
Perfect jean. these jeans are comfortable, the length is great, and the rise, at least for me, is spot on. my torso is fairly straight - not a lot of the hourglass thing going on - and somehow these jeans feel like they were made for me. thank you pilcro.
This is going to be my go to all season. looks great with a sweater dress and boots also looks great with cords!
This skirt was horrible on me. it was loose in the waist, tight in the hips and poofed out like crazy at the tiered part on the bottom. the material also felt cheap and clingy. i guess the fit is tts, but it's hard to tell given how strange the cut was.
"I love this and instantly felt sexier when i put it on, yet with the longer sleeves and looseness felt i could wear it casually. 

i will say that i have to often keep adjusting/pulling the top neckline down. it seems to want to revert to above-the-shoulders position. 

the fabric and quality feels nice and it was a great purchase for me!"
I just received my duster . i love it! the coat is as pictured. the fabric is medium weight denim with some stretch. it feels like a denim coat that you have worn for years. i'm 5'8" and the duster hits mid-calf. i'm a curvy size 14-16 and the xl fits perfectly. the only issue that might arise is that the sleeves are long; they fit me perfectly but i have long arms. this will be my new go to coat for fall.
"The design is graceful and both my kids said it was a keeper ""pretty,"" even the boy child.

somehow i feel it makes my tummy look bigger than it is, maybe with the belt on my jeans."
These jeans are an even dark color that can be dressed up. the material is soft and they fit perfect. they are mid rise which is a little different for me as i mostly where low rise. the only problem is that they are really long. i am 5'9" and they are too long for me which never happens. so i need to get them hemmed and wont be wearing them for a few more weeks. i look forward to rocking them with a pair of booties or heels.
The problem with off the shoulder tops is that the neckline is totally elastisized , therefore upon any movement of your arms the top pops above your shoulders making it go from stylish to matronly . the only elastic should be right at the shoulders , the rest of the neckline should be a simple finished hem. .
A cute top. slightly tight in the upper area. debated returning but decided to keep as the top is unique and i know that i will wear it frequently. aleardy thinking of way to wear all year around! runs small
"Unlike the other reviews, i love this skirt. the lining is a nice stretchy material, as is the eyelet overlay, making it a really easy to wear, and comfortable skirt while still looking polished and professional.   
i bought it so that its slim fitting, more like a pencil skirt. 
i've only worn it to work dressed up, with boots, but suspect i'll get a lot of use in the summer with flip flops and a tee shirt. 
i highly recommend it, and think it's a great price. 
it is longer than on the mode"
I love panties. i love the prettiest, softest, most adore-worthy panties i can find. these are my favorite boy shorts--i can always put them on and feel pretty. no weird tight spots and the lace has a perfect amount of stretch. im a mom and my body isn't perfect anymore, but these panties give me confidence, with perfect coverage. i choose them more often than any other in my lingerie drawer. my only warning: wash these pretties as delicates, or the lovely lace colors will fade.
I can't figure out if this skirt is supposed to be high-waisted (if so, it's too big but the length works), or if it's supposed to sit on my hips (fits well but too long). but the material is really comfortable, and the design is different in a good way.
I'm glad i got this skirt because it's prettier in person than in the picture. fiance loves it so that's a bonus. it's tts although it's longer than shown on the picture. very high quality and looks expensive. i'm very happy with this purchase.
This is a very nice dress. the jersey is soft and high quality. the construction appears solid. the color is very pretty, and looks in real life just like it does on my computer. the cut and draping just don't work for me. there's just too much draping, too much fabric. it overwhelmed me and made me look bigger than i am. i have a feeling this would be much more flattering on a curvier figure than my own. this dress seemed to be trying to accentuate curves i don't really have (especially in the
I tried this on in-store and would have purchased if it have been a better price, it wasn't something i could justify spending $100 bucks on. it's cute and was surprisingly comfortable but again, not worth the asking price. i will buy when it goes on sale.
I was out of town when my coat arrived, and was so excited to get home and try it on!!  i haven't worn it yet, but we've now got the weather for it...and i can't wait!  i'm 5'7" and heavier than i'd like, but the xl fit perfectly!
Retailer sizes are all over the place. i fell in love with this top, and tried it a couple of times to see if it would work. unfortunately i have to send it back. the design and colors are very good. the side slits are very high, right up to the waist, but the top still looks good. unfortunately it is very small. it still fits because of the long side slits, and is not that tight at the top due to sleeveless, but the fit just wasn't as flattering. it does seem to run 1-2 sizes small, so i a
Fits beautifully. perfect for spring and summer. the cut of this skirt gives your figure a wonderful shape. the quality of the material is excellent.  this item is perfect for to dress up for a date night or wear slightly more casually for a brunch.
I ordered this in my usual size 0 and couldn't finish zipping up the top, but also couldn't fill in the boobs. i am 5'7, 116 lbs, 32a. it is very cute, but the top was pretty stiff and unless it draped on you correctly, could probably be bothersome. i was disappointed in the quality of the skirt- no lining, simple cotton/polyester. i will probably return, try the size up, but was disappointed compared to how excited i was for it. i did like that it had pockets, and would be a fun dress to wear f
"I love this dress so much. the fabric on top is not something i would have chosen-it is thick and almost an elastic kind of feel. but i have grown to appreciate that since this dress is not amenable to most bras. i think the fabric would be thick enough on top to actually just do without one. otherwise you would have to go with a strapless-and the right kind of strapless, with this dress.

when they say it flares it really does-and much more than i was expecting. the bottom part of the skirt f"
Timeless skirt. just don't like the placement of the slit, so maybe i'll sew it up.
I was so excited about this skirt and pairing it with a cute blouse for the warmer weather. as i took out the skirt out of the package and flipped it around, the back has mesh strips that are see through! there is also no lining to go with this skirt. if you go back to the "back view" picture on the website and zoom in closely, you can see the model's black underwear.
Nice color and cut but runs very big so size down. will need to send back due to on line only. i am hoping one size smaller does the trick.
I love the style of this dress, but unfortunately, it runs very small. i normally wear a size 8. i ordered a 10 and the dress was closer to a size 6. disappointed that i had to return it. also, the seams were poorly done and threads hung out everywhere on the hem.
This dress did not work for me. i tried it in my bigger size 6 since i am coming off winter weight gain. the dress fit tts but was squishing the breasts like tight bandages. i have smaller chest and the stretch bodycon fabric of the bodice made me look flat-chested. the straps did not sit flat on shoulders, i assume because they were not pulled tight enough by the chest. the dress was uncomfortable and felt strange on. but i can see how others with more curves on top will love the support of the
When i first tried this top on, i didn't like it because the chest just spilled open. i saw it on someone else and it was so flattering i gave it another try. i bought it in both the red and the black, and plan to put a stitch or safety pin through the top to keep it closed. it is very slimming and hides tummy/muffin top issues. i plan to wear it with the stretchy knee length maeve pencil skirts all summer, along with shorts and pants. give this one a try!
This skirt is great to wear to work. nice medium weight. being cotton, it doesn't get to hot. skirt is lined. nice flattering shape. my normal size 4 fit perfect. love the godets. comfortable. doesn't get all wrinkled from sitting. nice royal blue color.

"I get so many compliments with this skirt! i love almost everything about it. i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because i find the slit a little annoying. i think it's maybe a little too long (or short, i can't figure it out) but i couldn't pass up this skirt because the pattern is so pretty.

fits true to size, soft fabric, very cute."
The dress was great! the zipper was just a little tough but over all a very classic, feminine piece.
/my friend and i both tried on this shirt just to see how it fit and because it was blue. we were surprised how pretty it si on. a little see-through though, but hte cut hits in the right places (i guess we are not too endowed). she ended up buying it so i passed but very feminie work piece.
Love this button down, but i couldn't make it work. i'm 5'4", 32b, and usually buy tops in a regular xs or s. i bought this top in a small and it was loose fitting which i liked, but too long for me causing the pleats to flare out more than i liked. the shirt is also pretty sheer, wear a skin colored bra unless you want it noticed. the material was soft and looked like good quality.
I thought from the picture this would be a light floaty top. when it arrived, the fabric was a heavy knit and the neckline sagged very low. on me (granted i'm a pear) the bottom layer hugged my tummy and rear in a very unflattering way. the only thing i liked was the color. back it went.
Tried this on at my local retailer, the red color is pretty but not a "true" red. the fabric has a nice weight to it not the usual thin stuff that retailer seems to offer these days. two big problems though- the top is very low cut and i could see it "opening" up to the world! and the armholes are cut so big and low that you could see the sides of my bra, this is a deal-breaker for me, it can't be fixed.
I ordered one of the xl in the red version. the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. the color is much prettier in person. it looks washed-out on my computer. but, in person, it's a nice light red. the quality of the material is okay. not as good as with the floral version of this style (florascura tank). the layers are flattering for my pear-shape. it definitely needs a tank underneath though. not worth full-price in my opinion but worth getting on sale.
Adorable dress. could hardly get the zipper up in my very typical size 4. i will order a 6 and am hoping it will work out!
This dress is very cute and fits quite well. you don't have to wear a bra with it, which is awesome, and it has delightful pockets. the downside is that the fabric on the top half is a little weird. it is very heavy and stiff. also, the inside has some fraying and the quality does not seem to be the best. i'm keeping it though.
I love the unique design of this dress.  it also has a nice thick material.  the top part runs small.  i'm normally between size 6 and 8.  i bought this dress in size 10 and the top part is still snug, whilst size 12 is too loose.  the bottom part has a nice flowy material with pockets.  since the top part is snug, it will best not to wear a bra plus the thick material will provide a nice support.  the down side of this dress is that the straps are running long.  i have a short torso, so there's
This top isn't so much on the hanger but very cute once you try it. the neckline is really cut low so a pin or stitch is necessary. the length on the regular is perfect for my shorter body. if you have a long torso it might not work for you. love how the layers conceal but do not overwhelm your body.  i purchased my regular size medium in black. for reference: 5'6", 145 lbs, 34dd.
Love love love this skirt. i walked into retailer in august not looking to buy this skirt even though i saw it in the catalog and thought it was cute. once i tried it on i fell in love. i purchased both black and blue. super flattering and true to size. its a must have for sure.
The design on this dress is so cute. it runs really small. i had to go up from my normal size 4 to a 6. i am not well endowed so the top was great on me. it's looks great on once k got a size that works.
This skirt is everything i love about retailer. the fit, style and quality are amazing. i feel like a am wearing a piece of art. it is so unique and fits perfectly. way to go retailer!!
Gorgeous skirt. runs a bit big.  well made. perfect for the office and super comfy.
I wish that it had fit me better as the feel of the fabric and the color were great! regrettably, i am sending it back as the v opening is too low for my tastes and the fabric on the left of the first layer drapes weird on me. i am usually a s or m and in this top the s was plenty of length and room, would be swimming in a m. the fabric was soft and felt great against your skin and not thin as some fabrics can be. the color was just as shown and beautiful. hope it works for some of you out there
This is one of the best date night tops i've seen in a while. i'm 5'6, 120 lbs and the xs is perfect. the fit is spot on and the fabric feels nice. i will need a teeny tiny safety pin to keep the front closed, but i do that often so i don't see it as a design flaw.
Despite being a knit, this skirt holds its shape and is absolutely perfect. it goes with everything and is extremely comfortable.
I tried this dress on in my local retailer and was pleasantly surprised. it fit!!!...and looked cute. as other reviewers have mentioned, it runs small, but it is super stretchy, especially in the top portion. with that said, it accommodated my bust! i have a 32g bust, and it possess a problem for me when i try to buy dresses. the top of this dress is pure elastic, so it works. the dress stretches on top, but comes back inward on the body?so i can show off my curves. i have no idea what bra i can w
Unexpected delight! great top that can be dressed up or down. the only con is a little small through the bust.
Love this shirt, very flattering fit on my pear shape. also accommodates my larger 32dd bust without straining on the buttons. ever so slightly sheer fabric, but no cami needed if wearing a nude bra.
"The color, design and fabric of this top (got it in the red) were just as i expected, but as the owner of several deletta brand tops, i was very surprised to find that my usual size small runs very large in this tank. not only did the front dip too low but so did the arm holes, and the top just hangs on me. it was so big for a small that it almost made me think it had been mislabeled and was really a size large. 
bummed to return it because i really love the color and the style. will try an x-s"
I bought this yesterday and love it. it drapes beautifully. it's a little fancy but versatile enough that you could wear it for semi-casual occasions. the first tier hits at the natural waist, while the second tier hits at about hip height. this is very flattering for the waist, while still being drape-y and a bit loose. i thought this fit a little bigger than to size. i am currently postpartum boobed so i am 5'4", 135 lbs and 34dd and the s fit great. (i am currently a s in other retailer tops).
I have been wanting to incorporate button down blouses into my wardrobe for months but hadn't found any that caught my eye. leave it to retailer to supply the best alternative to a classic look. i love everything from the bottom flare to the way it cinches my waist. i would say this is perfectly appropriate for a business setting while still giving you individual style.
So, so cute. totally flattering. but the seams don't lie flat and there are loose threads all over the place. i've had issues with quality from retailer for a while (random holes in things) and was disappointed this fit that bill. i'm keeping it anyway because it's so cute!
Super flattering! my mom and i both bought this, and we have very different body types. (we both had to size up a bit, as i have a large chest, and she has a large ribcage.) i got a size 10 (i'm normally a size 8), and she got a 12. it was much easier to zip up without bras on, and it seems to have been designed to not need a bra. my mom is pretty short (5"2'), so she's going to get her straps shortened. for reference, i'm about 5'9". hope this helps!
I bought the grey and white plaid shirt in a large. i'm 165, 36d and the top closes without gaping - even when i push my shoulders back. it's kind of sheer, so will wear a cami underneath. the waist nips in right where it should - giving a trim silhouette. adorable and fun top, without being cutesy. love tylho tops!
Super cute and flattering!
First, i love this top overall. it is simple and classic and has a flattering, forgiving cut. i agree there is a major design flaw as other reviewers have mentioned. the v-neck is so deep and falls so low you need to wear a camisole underneath. instead i chose to take a stitch at the neckline to keep it together where i wanted it, and that worked beautifully. i think the top should have included either a small button or snap to hold the neckline up properly or should have been stitched together
Based on previous reviews i ordered this shirt in both a small and medium. i have fairly broad shoulders, and thought i might not fit my usual small (if it helps for reference, i am 5'6", 123 lbs, and wear a 32c bra). i first tried on the small and didn't even bother opening the medium. i have a hard time finding blouses that fit in the torso without pulling at the bust (i think this is more related to my wide shoulders as opposed to actual bra size). with this blouse the buttons don't pull at a
This top is adorable, especially the grey check. timeless staple, with a modern & cute update. i agree with 2nd reviewer; i don't think this blouse pulls or is tight in the chest. i'm also a 34d, i got a small, it fits perfectly & i wear it all the time - i think it's great for every season. very flattering, the peplum hits at just the right spot and defines the waist. i get compliments all the time. i pair it with cropped sweaters when it's cold. the grey does seem a bit higher quality; the blu
Buy this skit- it's everything that retailer used to be. great pice, work appopriate, and it fits great.
Wow im really glad i didn't listen to the negative reviews! in ordered this top in the black and red and i have to say this is one of my favorite tops! the neck line i agree does need to be secured. i wish they would have added a snap. it's fine though as i don't mind sewing it closed. this top is worth it! i'm 5'2 108 lbs and small chested. so for slim girls i think this is perfect!
I really like this shirt. the material was a little heavier cotton than i expected in looking at the picture which is good otherwise it could look like you slept in the shirt. it is something that is going to wrinkle when you wear it so if that is bothersome then pass on this shirt. it's a bit longer which i also like because it will work by itself or under a jacket or sweater.
I found this skirt to run tts - i am a size 16 and the bought the xl. it is so soft and comfortable and the colors are so much prettier in person. i paired it with a black turtle neck and black dolce vita booties that i snagged on sale at my local retailer. happy girl!
This sweater is comfortable yet still work appropriate. the ruffled shoulders adds a feminine touch.
"I have a shorter torso and so i usually love dresses that hit right at my waist- so this dress seemed perfect! 
i ordered a size 2 petite, which fit very well. the regular two (in picture) was not as well made. the straps didn't fit as well. they were less of an ""x"" and way more fabric. petite fit great. i think this dress is really fun but not very mature. i returned it because it didn't feel adult enough for the event."
Just picked this up in black in the store. on the hanger it looks like just another v-neck tank, but it is quite flattering on. however, the v-neck is quite exaggerated and loose, i will be pinning it so it doesn't sag open. :)
I love jeans!!! especially this pair. perfect fit, hugs in all the right places. perfect length! worn it 3x already! and it gets better every time you wear it. goes great with a cute too!
This dress is made of a very thick material both on the top and bottom, making it very flattering. lots of compliments!
This is a nice lightweight summer top to wear with a pair of shorts. it is low cut though - lower than i expected so i wear a tank underneath it. the layers are flattering.
This shirt was so weird?it does not fit like the photo at all. there seems to be missing a stitch or something at the top as it is wide open until the bottom/where it meets the other layer. i could wear a tank/camisole underneath, but it still just did not fit right. i do not have a large chest, but this was ridiculous. beyond that, the red color was just okay. even though i purchased this on sale, it was not worth the price and i returned.
I saw this dress and immediately started daydreaming about wearing it while honeymooning in italy along the amalfi coast or the cinque terre with my husband. and then i tried this dress on and immediately woke up. the cut is a disaster, the quality is terrible, and the dress just plain didn't work. the strips of elastic were sewn unevenly, giving the appearance that there was one large breast and one non-existent breast. the neckline was so long that it had to have the elastic run over the outsi
This blouse is pretty sheer, but perfect for a summer day. good coverage in the front and under arms on the sides for limited bra exposure, and a very cute opening in on the lower back.
"Right out of the bag, this top didn't really match the one pictured here (it is the right top, though). the fabric was heavy and felt ""damp"" -- the way something feels coming out of the wash. very odd.
and the fit is nothing like what's shown on the model. the ""v"" is not fitted or nicely wrapped (or even tacked in place) -- it was just two loose, droopy pieces so most of my bra was showing no matter how many times i put the pieces back where they belonged (i'm neither ""flat chested"" nor ""busty"""
I love this dress! perfect for both work and play and can be worn in all seasons thanks to the sleeves.
This skirt caught my eye immediately. i love the beautiful patterns and colors. i'm currently pairing it with a charcoal grey top, which works well. the only slight concern is the material is a little poofy. i still love it, and definitely recommend this standout piece.
I was surprised and impressed by how well made this top is. it looks and feels expensive and of good quality. it is a very flattering fit for someone like me who is small on top and wider at the hips area. i look forward to wearing this top all through the fall/winter/holiday seasons!
"So cute and so adorable but too short for my body in size small. i'm going to try a size medium.
fabric is a nice weight cotton. lining is good, sleeves are a not too tight."
It really is such a cute romper. took it on s trip to italy and it was airy and comfortable. that is in till i washed it. i'm in europe so there aren't dryers... washed it in cold water, line-dried it and it shrunk. significantly. it still fits but the top doesn't blouse over like it previously did. and the shorts feel really short. so disappointed. my advice would be to hand wash it in very cold water
Beautiful, flattering dress. love that you can where a bra without having to be concerned about straps showing. very happy with purchase. highly recommend.
I'm so excited about this dress! it's perfect for the summer. the material is so soft and lightweight, with a great lining. i ordered a small petite and it fits great! the ruching in the front isn't overdone, so you don't have to worry about adding bulk in the midsection. no problem with my bra (32dd) showing in the back either.

I was really happy when i saw this romper online and ordered it right away. unfortunately being larger chested i thought i would size up to a medium. bad choice. now i have a beautiful romper that is too big for me. i will be getting this one tailored.
This romper is cute, well-made and true to size, but i haven't figured it out how to put this on without having someone tie the back ties. which pretty much means that going to the bathroom is not an option while you have this romper on. not sure what the designers were thinking here. i'm returning this one.
This is a beautiful sweater, but if came up weirdly high on me in back, higher than it looks on the model. she must have on high waisted pants.
Super long even at 5'7" and a little too voluminous for my taste. incredibly comfortable and beautiful pattern though. i'm having a hard time imagining there getting much use for me, so even at the sale price they're going back.
I was so excited to order this dress, had the perfect red shoes to go with it. unfortunately i could have been nine months pregnant and still wear the small. i am 5'4/118lb and it was like a maternity dress. sad to send it back.
These are the most comfortable pants i own. i bought them in the gold, green, and gray (which really does look more like a grayish purple). the gold is my favorite - it goes with so many things! i was just checking to see if there were any other colors - would love them in black and a burgundy. i'm about 125 lbs,, 5 foot 7, and the 28 is a perfect fit. the saleswoman warned that they would stretch out, but i haven't found that to be a real problem.
Glad i got this on sale. it is more yellow than the photo & short. it is also heavy with a sueded interior. would have given more stars if it was less boxy & longer.
Love these pants! super comfortable, but feel high quality. i am usually a size 2 and the xs fits perfectly.
130 lb, 5'5, 32dd. ordered xs. this dress is a bit outside my normal retailer style, but i love tracy reese designs and it had good reviews so i decided to give it a try. i could not be more pleased with this decision. as some of the other reviewers have said, the dress is very well made. the lining in particular is excellent- it is a soft mesh that prevents the dress from clinging, without adding bulk in the hot summer weather. i typically wear more structured dresses, but the lining on this dres
As most other reviewers stated, the skirt does run a bit large and long. however, it is nothing a tailor can't fix! i plan on getting it taken in to fit higher up on my waist to make it both smaller and hit closer to below my knees rather than mid-calf. the elegance of the skirt can be dressed up or down depending on what top/shoes you pair it with. it feels well made and the coloring is much better in person than in the picture!
I really wanted to like this dress and was so disappointed when it came in the mail. if you have any sort of hips, the light pattern in the middle doesn't do you any favors. this made my hips look soooo wide! and the seaming and gathering in the middle was just off. if it was one continuous piece of fabric it might look better. with the seam, the pattern was cut up and looked pieced together. that just drew too much attention to my stomach and hips. it had to go back.
The first reviewer summed up many of my thoughts exactly. i don't like to go without a bra and this dress with its slightly wider, almost cap-sleeve straps solves my problem perfectly. i love this neckline and wish i'd see it in more maxi dresses! the crossover and cutouts in the back mimic the lines of a traditional indian sari blouse and skirt, again without sacrificing bra coverage. just a beautiful and inspired design - definitely a standout in the sea of summer maxi dresses i've seen. i lov
I love the bohemian look and fell in love when i saw this dress when i saw it online. it's pricey but i am holding on to it because it's really beautiful. i got a medium. i'm 5'2", medium built. it's just perfect. i'm tempted to get the petite but with petite, the top gets to be too short so i think i'll stick with regular size. my family loved it! the quality and detail in the dress is just gorgeous! you can easily dress this up or down.
I am almost always an xs in bottoms (sz 0-2) but literally couldn't get the stretchy waistband (no zip or fastening) in xs up my hips. in addition, the "brocade" is a very lightweight polyestery, tinselly weave--does not suggest quality. as others have noted, it also runs short; i'm 5'3'' and this was a little below knee length on me, not ankle-length. i've had luck with retailer's sale section in the past, including some items that didn't always start off with the best reviews, but have no regret
This dress is extremely comfortable and easy to wear with a bra. the back is great and the length is perfect for me. it's flattering, but the pattern (being light in color across the middle) isn't particularly flattering on your waist. that being said though, the gathering in front is great for hiding bumps and whatnot (after 3 kids that's important to me). lightweight and great for summer. 5'8", 135lbs and the size s fit perfectly.
I love this top! fits true to size. tunic length, thin comfy fabric, adorable subtle print. the perfect top!
This is my first ever review! these pants are 5-star fantastic. ordering additional colors because i love these so much and am finding i want to wear them every day. i initially ordered the bronze color which is superb, just beautiful. i was worried it might be too bright to wear to work, or be a different hue in real life, but they look just like the picture. to my happy surprise they dress up easily. it's a really rich color that i have been able to pull off at work with long sweaters and boot

I feel like an indian goddess in this dress! lots of swing to it!
I loved this dress the minute i tried it on and am actually really sad that i had to return it. however, the embroidery was unraveling in several places before i'd even worn it, so i thought it would probably only get worse. too bad because it's gorgeous and flattering!
This romper originally caught my eye in the beginning of the summer with the sweet back bow detail. i had originally planned to purchase for a trip to paris in june, but waited until the last minute and my size wasn't immediately available at my local store. i had honestly forgotten about the romper until i noticed it recently in the sale section ... at that price i couldn't pass it up. again it wasn't available in my size at the store location, but they were able to ship it w/in a few days. i p
Love the unique details and neutral color scheme. top is boxy but i liked the way it looked on my 5'2" 115 lb. frame. it's comfortable and well made. thicker material.  seems to be holding up fine after one washing.  looks great with skinny jeans.  highly recommend!
Lovely assemblage of prints, looks great in motion. but the waistband runs a touch large. if you're between sizes, maybe size down.
The little details are just beautiful. the embroidery and tassels are so cute. loose fitting just floats over the body. feels very light.
I really loved this top the minute i put it on. read the other reviews but it really worked for me. i am 5'3", 36dd, athletic build and the m fit perfectly with a nice roomy fit. top will be perfect for my upcoming trip to tahoe. plan to wear with light denim, dark denim, and black cropped denim bottoms. even looks great with a culottes or denim skirt. the weight is really nice and it washed nicely. i washed on delicate, and laid flat to dry. a little pressing and good as new. it has a nice boze
If you happen to get a size that fits you, you will love these leggings. they are true to size when the quality control works. i got 2 pair, both in size 28 - one fits perfectly and the other fits like my mothers high waisted jeans! the material is very soft and comfortable. also, not sure who named these colors, but the grey is really light purple and the dark grey is dark purple.
Flattering dress that looks great on. the back cut out shows some skin while still covering up a bra. the petite size fits true to size
"I've been wanting to add some cords to my wardrobe and had to give these a try. i ordered the blue color on-line in size 31. i'm somewhat in-between size 30 and 31 in jeans right now, so i thought i'd be on the safe side and go up. i ended up keeping these and i'm happy with my purchase, although i do feel like the cut of the leggings is a bit off for me. i am a proportional hour-glass shape and i found these leggings to be quite snug in the thigh, while being oversized in the waist.
in the end,"
I really wanted the dark grey, but it has been sold out in my size for many months. i finally ended up with the navy. i think they are much cuter in person, the color nicer also. i think the cuffs have been folded under in some of the pictures of the models making the shape look just a tad odd. i got my usual size, and the fit was perfect. they stretch just enough. i would get the second pair in a heartbeat.
Loved this dress and ordered it based on glowing reviews. ordered size large because i weigh 155 pounds and have a large 34g bust. the dress skimmed nicely over my body but the baby doll style fit loosely and made me look really wide from the side. i probably could have sized down for a better fit, but it might have just emphasized my bust. the fabric has a substantial weight and it's lined. best as a fall, winter dress. the embroidery is beautiful. i disliked the intense black color around my f
I ordered a petite small. i'm 5'3, 135 lbs and 34b and the length was perfect and the fit was great. like the previous reviews. love you can wear a bra with it.
I love this dress so much! i got petite and the length was perfect. it was so soft and so pretty. perfect for a wedding.
Soft, comfy, flattering, just a beautiful dress. it works for any occasion. i can't express how much i love it!
I'm a 32ddd and this top fit perfect. i wore it with boyfriend jeans and flats. the material is nice and perfect for fall
The romper is well made and just plain cute. i bought it the second i saw it and don't regret my impulse buy one bit. 135 5'5" and the small fit perfectly.
I have been searching for great bra friendly maxis and the design and colors of this one are exactly what i was looking for. i love how the front and back dip down and the open back with crossover detail is really sleek looking.  overall, it's tts, but the chest is a little low cut, so some will want to size up for extra coverage.  the fabric is a silky jersey made of mostly rayon (95%) and spandex (5%) with a mesh nylon/spandex lining from the top through where the cream color ends at the botto
Ordered a l and xl, the sleeves were so tight on both sizes but the rest of the shirt was wide and loose. the tight sleeves were not proportional with the rest of the shirt. both sizes had to be returned.
I'd give this dress 6 stars if i could, it's possibly the best dress i've bought at retailer in 12 years of shopping there.  the fit is fantastic with the ruching around the waist adding camouflage  for anyone with a bit of a tummy. the cross back stamps hide a bra effortlessly (even those wide supportive bra straps that larger cupped women need to wear), the mature rial is soft and silky to the touch, the fit is true to size, the pattern is bohemian and elegant -- not hippy dippy at all. i'm 5'6"
Hahaha! as gorgeous as this piece is, i look absolutely ridiculous in it. i am 5'7'' 115 lbs but have a long torso and so the crotch area is, well, a little unflattering to say the least:) i am really sad because i shy away from shorts due to my year round pale skin, but this fabric and color worked really well for me. the length of the shorts is also nice and the back is beautiful! i've never had a romper and i was truly hoping this one would be the one for me. it is all round perfect...if you
This dress had beautiful details, and the material was better than i expected; however, it was huge! it completed swallowed me. i am 5'1 about 106 pounds with quite a bit of muscle. i ordered a 00p and it still looked like a sack.
"I wanted to love this, as it seemed like a fun and carefree take on a little black dress.

but how did i not see that this has tassels? but they're there, a whole row of them - look hear the bottom of the skirt part, between the colorful stripes and the lacy area. that's a deal breaker for me - i really can't stand the way these look, and they're not the sort of thing you can easily remove.

the fabric, though nice quality, has no stretch at all. i wasn't expecting stretch, but i'd just say"
This might be one of my new go to tops. looks cute with jeans and a sweater or alone. the arms are snug but not uncomfortable and i think it adds to the shirt.
I needed a dress to go to a reunion party(not hs) and this fit the bill perfectly. it fits perfectly and its short but not too short. it is a great work dress or change your accessories and its  perfect for out to dinner.
These are really great legging style cords. you can wear them without worrying about covering your bum in my opinion! they are not too bulky at all which you might expect in a corduroy pant. they are a tad loose in the waist area unfortunately but fit me well in the thighs, so i don't think sizing down would work for me. i bought the bronze, and it's a very versatile color! darker than the picture, but still a good color. i feel it will be perfect for fall and spring especially. i'll wear it all
These cords are soft, comfy and my normal size 32 for tts. the length was fine for my 5'9 height. i really like the bronze color, it is almost a yellow.
I really like this pullover. the design is beautiful, and i love the asymmetrical hem. my own complaint is that the fit is a bit boxy on me because i'm large-chested. it's more drapey than tailored. but it's not overwhelming and doesn't cancel out how much i like it overall.
The flow and feel of the material is really nice, however, i think it runs large. i ordered a small, and i have exchanged it for an xs, which i am hoping fits a bit better. i wanted the pants to be a bit more fitted around the hips and flow from there.
This cute dress is swingy and chock full of fun little details.  love the embroidery, colors, crochet lace, tassels, wide sleeves.  don't like that it's all polyester and some embroidery is unraveling so i don't know what to do about that.  size down if your petite or slender.  i'm a med-large (135# 36c 38-27-35) and medium fit great at the bodice/shoulders.  hem hits my knees in regular size.
I can't get enough of maxi dresses and i can't resist tracy reese. this stunning dress caught my eye immediately, but i was worried that the back cut out at the waist would make my backside look flatter. i'm so glad i took the plunge to buy before it sold out. this dress fits perfectly, it's flattering to my figure, the print is beautiful, the fabric and drape do not cling to my figure flaws and i'm just so happy! for sizing reference here are my stats: 5'3" 140# 36dd and i purchased the medium
True to size. length is perfect for 5'8"-5'9". soft fabric. not too low cut in the front, but not all covered up either. ruching is subtle and does not add bulk. skirt portion skims curves, neither clinging to them nor poufing out from them. strap design is perfect, covers bra while revealing a touch of skin. comfortable and effortless to wear, very very pretty.
This dress is so pretty. i loved the details on it. the material was ok. would have prefered a softer material so the bottom part of the dress would have been more flattering. unfortunately, it did not fit me right. i'm 5-2",34c, 28, 37 and the 4p fit ok. it hit just above my knees so the length was fine. what i did not like was that it was a little too loose around my waist making me look pregnant so unfortunately i had to send it back. i'm so sad cause this is a really pretty dress. you can dr
I'm keeping this top bc it was on sale but it does look a little maternity! i wore with super skinny white jeans and 3" casual heel. i'm short so i needed a little more height to slim me but if your tall and and slender this might work better for you?
I feel like an indian princess in this dress! it isn't very forgiving, make sure you don't mind showing some skin - but there's some subtle rouching right at the spot where most of us wish we could hide at all times. great colors; boyfriend loves it.
Absolutely love this dress. i saw it online and didn't give it much thought and then saw it in the store and it was amazing. the photos really do not do it justice. the embroarding detail at the bottom is beyond beautiful in person. i agree that if you don't want skin showing you will need a black bra or black cami to over the delegate lace down the front and back of the dress. got this for fall/winter in fl and cannot wait to wear it, perfect holiday party dress!
This dress is my personal introduction to talented indian designer, ranna gill. i just love this gorgeous, free- spirited dress! i bought the regular medium for my 5'1", 34f, size 8 figure. it works very well. i will want to wear a black cami, as i'm not comfortable with some cleavage showing (maybe 3/4") and the open lines of lacy, small holes down the front and back. you might not mind showing more skin though and not need a cami. the top is not very see-through, and the skirt is lined. the re
I agree with the previous reviewer that the length is not at all what is shown in the picture. much shorter than that. and while the overall detail of the skirt is very nice, the elastic waistband makes it look cheap considering the price...
This dress is great, and looks even prettier in person, the colors are more vibrant. the ruching is very forgiving for the belly and the length is perfect. most maxi's are too long on me, but i ordered a ps and it fit perfect. my only complaint is that it is very low cut, which i was unaware of standing up, but when i sat down at a dinner party, well, let's just say i gave everyone a show :(. recommend wearing a cami or something underneath.
I love this shirt. i'm 5' 4", 110lbs, just had 3rd baby so not into tight fighting clothes at the moment. love the loose yet flattering fit of this shirt. the sleeves are not too tight on me and i love the length.
I ordered these pants after seeing the good reviews, but i don't agree. these are going back. i ordered a small. i'm 5'5" and 135 pounds. i am usually between a small and a medium in pants, but the small in these pants is huge. i could definitely fit into an xs. but i also don't think they are very flattering and don't like the feel of the fabric. it's too bad. i love the idea of these.
This dress is so pretty- the colors are vibrant, beautiful pattern, the ruched part in the center hides the tummy!!! the neck line was too low for me, so had to wear a red cami underneath which hid the skin showing parts in the back around the waist. so instead of skin color, it was now red- even more prettier! no body could tell!! got so many compliments!!!
I was pleasantly surprised when this arrived. it hangs in a flattering way and the red has a nice soft hue. i couldn't believe what a great deal i got while on sale.
"These crops are very well proportioned and fun. the graphic pattern is spot on trend and the unusual silhouette can spice up your pants options.

i am a fan of cartonnier and these particular pants were surprisingly generously cut in comparison to most of the styles i have. i usually need to order cropped pants in tall, but these worked with the regular inseam."
The linen- cotton blend breathes so well for a hot summer day! the design on the waistline is super cute and yes they are a little long in the leg but that can be a plus+ for vertically challenged girls like me. wedges and platforms are perfect to show off the soft drape of the pant legs. now that they're on sale, i'm snatching up other colors, like white and light khaki- already have the seersucker blue pair!
I wore this dress to a party once and haven't been able to find an outfit that can top it!
Cute and very soft, but the elastic wasn't sewn in right. i took them out of the wash and the waistband was a twisted mess. disappointing for more expensive loungewear.
I love these pants! comfortable, light and can be dressed up for work and down for the weekend. the color is a little more saturated in person, but can't really complain about that too much!
I loved this top, however had to return as it does run small. by the time it arrived they were sold out in the larger size. like the quality of cloth and stone, however their products do run a size small.
As a lazy one, i have to confess i barely leave any reviews even though i rely on the reviews from others to make my online order decision. yes! i owe a big "thank you" to anyone who wrote a helpful and honest reviews here :) and thank you!! now it is my time to pay back to the community. this pair of jeans are just perfect - perfect design, perfect fit and perfect material, soft, cozy and hip with a good spirit.. i don't want to take it off once i put on! i am 108 pounds and 5' 3" ordered size
I am just over 5'8"and i found that these pants hit me in a weird spot on my torso, almost creating a muffin top that i don't normally have. in addition, they were too short on me to give the chic and modern look of cropped ankle pants. on my frame, they fit more like capris from the late 1990s. both the construction and execution of the pants are otherwise fantastic.
Adorable and amazing quality. true to size. i ordered a 6 and fit perfect.
Love these pants. super light and great color. they are a bit long though
Very nice top. flattering and goes with everything. i bought the medium in the green but would have needed the large in the white as the white was a little see through and showed more of my flaws. i agree with the other reviewer in that this top has good button placement.
This is a gorgeous top. very well made with a classy design. it fits true to size from the lower chest up. however, at about the mid-belly range, the shirt widens out and basically allows a 5 month twin pregnancy to comfortably fit in. size xs. i was so sad. for the price, i can't justify taking it for alterations. it would have been the perfect top.
I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate, but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular, as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit, technically, but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short, but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3", but it fe
This shirt has such a fun twist on an otherwise basic jean shirt! i bought this shirt on a whim despite having a closet full of denim shirts... and i'm glad i did! the fabric is the same cloth
Disappointment city with this one and i am so lucky i had a coupon because if i would have paid the full $128 they are asking, i would be a tad skewed. not just thin material but thin and cheap feeling. doesn't itch but i seriously expected a lot more from retailer. i have noted the name of the designer and have promised myself to never buy this label again. big loser.
I first bought the red & green at the store. when they went on sale bought the blue & ivory. love, love ,love these shirts! they go great with a skirt or jeans. so happy i got them. the fabric is stretchy, but still fits very nicely. what a great buy, hope to see more of this style again.
These jeans are well-made, the cut is decently flattering, but on more muscular thighs, it would look nicer if the cuff was a bit higher. the petite on me was just below the ankle, so it just looks like i folded my jeans because they were too long. if you are taller or have longer legs (mine are short on my short height), then i think these would be great. i dind't find them particularly small, but htey were snug (muscular thighs). overall, ok but returning them. (25 p ordered, 115 lbs, 26.5 in
"Iordered hte petite after trying the rregualr size in the store, and i will have to wear heels with the pants... or get them hemmed... the color choices are all great, i wanted navy, but i have a pair of grey ones that look similar, so i deciced on the netural if my size is stil lavaialble in yellow at sale time, i will be grabbing those as well.

i went with 25, my typical size lately (115 lbs)"
I ordered these in my usual size and could barely get them on. they fit ike tight leggings. they have spandex that is comfortable and they will probably stretch as you wear them,. i exchanged for the next size up, because the style is great for year -round and the quality excellent. i live 2 hours from a store, i would either order up at least one size or try them on in store.
I love love love the fit in the corduroy, so thought about grabbing these jeans as well. they fit much pretty well, just the color wasn't quite right. i'm really picky about the blueness of my jeans, and these don't quite match the coloring in the photo. still debating whether to keep them. love the cuff styling and straight leg fit!
I love this shirt, it's easy to belt. i just wish it was tighter.
Finding pants off the rack that fit me is always a challenge - i'm petite (5' 1'), a bit curvy and short-waisted, so many of today's low-rise styles just do not work for me. however, these pants are a better cut and come pretty close to a perfect fit - comfortable and flattering, too. i've actually had pretty good luck with pilcro pants. i always have some gapping in the waist, but it's not much of an issue with these. more than likely whatever top i wear will hide that part. i was advised by th
I absolutely love these pants! i have been searching for a pair of linen pants for quite a few years but have never really found a pair that looked good on me until now. i have usually found linen pants to lack shape and end up making me look frumpy but i really love the fabric. well, these pants actually have some structure to them and are still super comfy and soft. i bought the neutral color which is acutually a very fine tan and white pinstripe which makes the pants a bit more classy. i love
These are the most comfortable, happening pants i have ever owned! they are extremely flattering and slimming at the waist. i am a size 4 and bought the 4, and they fit perfectly. they are a bit long, but after washing and drying on low, mine shrunk enough that i can wear them with flats or flip flops, and not just heels. my 2 teenage daughters have complimented me on them saying how "modern" they look. i bought them in navy and just ordered the grey yesterday. i might go into my local store and
I love these jeans, well,i have not worn them out yet so not sure if they will stretch, but just in terms of fit and cut, i really like them. i normally wear ch or ag in 25 or 26. i got these in 25 and they fit perfectly. i love the stretch, great color, not too thin, very comfie. i was worried about too much flare, but not a problem. they are very long, but i am only 5"2 and i will be hemming them about 8 inches .
"I'm an avid retailer shopper.
i bought this dress for my niece, her style tends to run 
bohemian/gothic.
the style, fabric and overall design/quality of this dress, is something i felt she would like (even though the color is not black).
she loves it - perfect fit. she accessorized it with her usual biker/moto jacket,boots, etc.
but it looks awesome on her!"
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i was hesitant to purchase it due to the price, but i just couldn't resist. it's so flowy and comfortable. it's quite long on me; i'm 5'5 and have to wear heels so that it doesn't drag, but could easily be fixed with alerations. i wore this to a wedding and received so many compliments.
Short and wide. the color and print are so pretty, but the shape isn't flattering, at least not to me. might work better on a teen?
Kicky looking pants, that i got at a bargain basement steal. i'd be kicking myself if i didn't buy them. can't wait to wear them once it warms up. they'll look great with a lightweight, boxy sweater and flats. i tried on the 4 and the 2 and the 2 is perfect. the fabric has a nice, fluid feel to it. i always swore to my husband i'd never wear plaids, but i guess i lied.
I'm keeping this blouse anyway. i purchased the olive and it's such a great color. i live in a warm climate and really don't need long sleeves, but since the color is so great and pairs well with a lot, i will keep it.
I absolutely love these pants. i got the yellow and it is a beautiful, soft color. the fabric is soft and flowing. i am 5'1", 102 lb and the 0 petite fit perfectly. some stated they are too long even in petite but i disagree. the patch pockets are darling. don't hesitate to try these pants out!
I was excited to try something by this designer and decided to order size large. unfortunately, this top just looked very odd. cute from the front but it wings out in the back where the sleeves meet the arms. the fabric makes an odd poof in that area. i do have a large bust and it didn't pull anywhere in the front. i expected it to be soft and drapey but the cotton feels very coarse and doesn't drape well. it covered my behind in back. unfortunately it made me look wide from the side view. i hav
I am powerless to resist hot air balloons and had to get these the moment they popped up! the pjs are charming and comfortable. the material feels very satiny. it's hard to tell, but there are small white dots in the midst of the champagne colored background. true to size.
"These pants are exactly what i expected. true to size and color were perfect! they feel so good to wear and love the detail in the sewing. perfect office attire or night out for dinner. just add a fancier blouse. ta da :)
would highly recommend them."
I will be living in these this summer! i couldn't find them in my local store, so i was pleasantly surprised when i received my grey pair from my online order. the fabric feels so comfortable with just the right amount of stretch and the cut is very complimentary to those of us with athletic thighs. i was so pleased that i bought a black pair and discovered they look adorable with my tall boots and a black boxy sweater. they've already become my "go to" pants. everyone should have a fun pair of
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 143 lbs, and 38-32-40 and my normal size 10s fit me perfectly.
Gorgeous dress. perfect for something special. paired with black heels. runs a touch large. i normally wear a small (5'6 and 140 pounds) but i'm expecting so i sized up to a medium and it's very roomy. the sleeves do cap out a little too much but it's just so pretty i don't care! def a keeper.
The perfect jeans for daytime and bending down with the kids or dressing up later for night. i love that the cuff isn't sewn, so you can choose to roll them down too. with just the right amount of stretch, they are extremely flattering. they are definitely my new favorite pair this season!
These pants are so great. i am 5'10 and the talls are actually a hair too long. but no complaints! just wish they made every color available in tall. i had been waiting for new colors to get a second pair and was disappointed they are only offered in regular length. but overall these pants are super comfortable and great for work. as far as sizing goes, i wear a 29 in the pilcro cord leggings and wear a 12 in these.
I love these pants and have two colors from last season. they are well-made and versatile. however, given the amount they stretch and the summer season for sandals, 30.5 is a tad long for petite. i'll have them hemmed an inch to keep them from dragging on the floor. also, i wish the coral and green came in petite.
Love all pilcro, this is no exception. very flattering. slim fit but not skin tight. comfy!
I am so glad i waited for this to go on sale! this shirt is incredibly soft, with great detail on the fading. i ordered a medium (5'10", 160 lbs) and it fits perfectly.
Nice length in tall.  order up one size: cut slim in body.  fabric lightweight bordering on flimsy.
The retailer store had mostly white left of these pilcro linen pants so i tried them on. the main reason i did not leave the store with them is because i could see the washing tag inside the pants as clear as day. the white pants were just too see-through and i was really looking for some casual items to wear to the office. if it was at least lined, these pants would have come home with me. otherwise, i think the fit was tts.
I had been looking for a chambray shirt, but am not a fan of the typical button-down style. this shirt is very versatile, but is far more interesting with the lace up neckline. i received multiple compliments the first time i wore it. the material is incredibly soft, but i haven't laundered it yet, so i am not sure how it will holdup.
These pants are flattering and comfortable, plus they are cute, cute, cute. i'm a little too conservative to wear them with a striped top, but with a solid black or ivory/off white top they are perfect. can be work appropriate with a blazer or twin set or "girlfriends'" lunch appropriate with a tee or turtleneck. highly recommend
I never write reviews but this dress is so fantastic i felt compelled to write one. it has unbelievably gorgeous detailing, from delicate beading and sequins on the bodice to the three layers of the skirt: slip, floral pattern, pleats. i literally feel like a princess/ greek muse in this dress. can't recommend it enough. true to size; i'm 5'7" and 133 lb and got a size 4.
"This dress looks lovely on the model, but it looks just awful on me!
i am 5'4"" and curvy. the shoulders are cut w/ a weird shape. instead of a cap sleeve, it is like a pointy cap on the side and stuck out on my shoulders. it looks like i am ready to get beamed into space.
the material is nice and the sequins are pretty, but the cut of the dress is unflattering."
These are great quality and hang very nice. tts. i'm 5'6" and about 130lbs and the 2 fit and hit just above the ankle.

I ordered the neutral in a 2p. i had to hem them. i 5' about 110lbs. i wore them to wore. they wore beautifully with some wrinkling to be expected with linen. but they didn't look like i slept in them. i ordered another pair same size right after the first pair came and tried them on to find the fit tighter than the first pair. a bit disappointed. debating if they'll stay or get returned. i see the notes about stretching. overall a nice pant for the money.
It's pretty, floaty, feminine; the photos don't do justice to the prettiness. but the photos also don't show an asymmetrical hem. i understood it runs small so i got two sizes, to be safe, and even my larger size was strangely short-waisted, and i'm short-waisted to start with. maybe i could've lived with that, but both the dresses i received have an uneven hem unlike any i've ever worn or seen before. it's not longer on just the sides; the hem is longer in one spot on the front, and one in the
"I own this shirt in dark green,
navy, and white.
it is perfect. it drapes in such a flattering way, nice weight.
it shows curves in all the right ways but does not fit too snug, emphasizing every flaw.
and finally... the buttons are placed perfectly so that you don't have to choose between extremely conservative or way too provocative (bra showing).
well done!"
I like the feel and color of this blouse. however, i was very disappointed with the sizing. i usually wear medium so i ordered medium for this blouse, it fits way too big. it is a bummer because the "curve" is not even visible when i wear it.
I love these jeans and have been wearing them a lot now that the weather is turning a bit cooler in my area. i like that the cuff is not sewn in, so you can wear them with a cuff like pictured, or fully unrolled/down. they are a bit higher-waisted than i prefer - kind of an awkward waist height in my opinion. and they are very stretchy. i was torn between two sizes so i went with the larger. i wasn't sure of how to mark how they fit because they are somewhat fitted/slim in the thigh area, but th
Very cute. i received many compliments when i wore it. fits true to size (petite 2) with some good stretch in it. i am 5'3 and it was slightly longer than that on the model. it is a little odd that the buttons are all not the same. but perhaps that is part of its charm and it is not noticeable. it is very comfortable and the pictures are representative of what it looks like.
I ordered this in a size s, my usual size and it fits great. i love the color, style and fit of the dress. the only criticism i can think of is the braided trim on the skirt hits right at my hip and kind of, ever so slightly, poofs out a bit and i wish it had pockets. other than that it's pretty darn cute and i got it at a great price of under $40. so i will wear it as much as i can until it gets cooler. because of the rich color, i can probably wear with cute sweater and booties into the fall!
This is a great basic t that works with shorts, pants, or a skirt.
Such a cute skirt- but impossible to get on. ordered in an xs (i have a 25/26 waist) but could barely get it past my knees to step into. if you have any hips at all, unfortunately this skirt won't work. i was tempted to size up but once i got it on it fit great in the waist and already had too much material to size up to a small.
So glad i ordered this dress. it fits true to size and is extra soft. i was unsure about the color, but it looks nicer in person. the fabric is a mid weight that hangs nicely. this will go great with leggings or tights and wear into spring.
It was very pretty,but it ran very big , sadly i had to return it.
I thought this dress was very cute on the model, however it was way too tight across the chest for me. going up a size would mean it would be too roomy everywhere else. also, fabric wasn't great.
I like many of you had the same issues. i tried my normal size of xs and s and couldn't get it on. the sales associate looked at it and went and got several size small and they all fit differently. some fit normal and others did not, so i would try on first. i love it when it fits correctly
I've had my eye on this for awhile, glad it was still in stock.  really great deep wine color, soft.  more texture and detail than i had appreciated in the picture.  love.
Ugh.  i was so excited to get this dress and for 30% off.  this dress is adorable.  unfortunately the top part is super tight around my girls.  otherwise the fit was perfect.  very disappointed in the top of this dress.
You will love this cardigan. very well made with beautiful details. the sleeves have the same detail as the collar and the back. has darker flecks that will go well with dark pants or cords or jeans. you will love this cardi! wish it came in more springy colors. i only gave it a lower rating for quality because the first one i tried on had a sleeve that was much tighter than the other sleeve. the replacement was fine!!
Really cute skirt, but difficult to get on! i had to shimmy it over my hips due to the lack of a much needed zipper. i am not very curvy, so if you got them, forget it! i sent back the xs - hope the small is a little roomier because it will make a pretty summer skirt.
Cute skirt but i agree with the other reviewer. you can't get it on! i tried my skinny daughter tried no go!
This is a beautiful sweater! it is not too heavy and the variation in knit from front to back makes not the same old boring sweater. the color is gorgeous.
I would definitely only recommend this top to girls who are smaller chested. it fits in the shoulders/arms, and then flares out too much at the bottom, almost looks like a maternity top. the material is very nice however - both soft, and feels like it will hold up through multiple washes.
I just love this dress! the color, the quality, the design - all great! sizing can be tricky however. i sized down due to reading the other reviews, and i'm glad i did - it fits perfectly! this dress does not have a zipper on top, so if you have broad shoulders it might be a little harder to squeeze into.
I purchased this sweet little cami in all three colors (the black for some reason only available to order in store). the fabric is luxurious and smooth to the touch! i've purchased other silk shells by eloise and would say this one runs small. i'm 5'2" 125lbs 34c and and typically wear an xs at retailer. this tank was too tight in the chest and i sized up to a small which fixed the problem. i can't wait to make my jeans and bomber jackets for fall just a little more special with these babies!
I originally bought this dress in another color back when retailer was doing the 25% off dresses promotion a few months ago. i had seen it on a store associate at my local store and absolutely loved it, but hemmed and hawed at the original price. it was a splurge even at 25% off, but as soon as i put it on i was in love. this dress is so soft. i wore it to see some old friends, and after every hug i received a comment about how unbelievably soft it was! the material is thick enough to have a decen
This looked like such a cute, casual skirt when i picked it up but like other reviewers have said, it runs small. i'm usually a xs in retailer skirts but they only had a small to try on. i was able to get it on but did notice it was snug pulling on past my hips. however once on, i couldn't figure out how i'd wear this. i wouldn't pair this with a flowy top but tucking something in didn't seem like a good idea either. between the pleats and elastic waist it will make almost anyone look like they ha
This shirt is perfect for me. i have very small shoulders, but i am pear shaped. so the flare on the bottom is welcomed for my body type. i bought 2 colors. i have a similar shirt from retailer a few years ago that was multicolor which i wear all the time, so i am thankful they have repeated this design. also i did get this on sale which is a more realistic price for the quality of this shirt.
I thought it was only me and immediately assumed i needed to go on a diet when i attempted to put this adorable skirt on. it got stuck at my hips. i'm a very consistent size small in dresses and skirts. i actually thought about putting it on over my head but that was impossible. its going back. now i see the other reviews and am relieved that its the skirt and not me! wish i had read them before purchasing. retailer is going to get a lot of returns on this one.
I ordered this winth some trepidation as the dress looked a bit baggy on the model. i don't typically buy this style of dress because many times, they are unflattering on me. i'm 5'6" and 130 lbs, in very good shape. the small was perfect for me. a size up would've resulted in a baggier look. the length is perfect, above my knee; not too short, but short enough so i don't look frumpy. the dress drapes beautifully, and i can wear it with tights and boots now, and capri tights and wedge sandals in
Ugh. this skirt is beautiful and so well made, but i sized up to a 0 from my usual 00 based on reviews, and it's too large, and now my size is all sold out! if it were the right size it would fit beautifully! i'm pretty much a stick, (5'5, 105lbs) and it does poof out at the hips, making me look a little curvier, which might be an issue for some. but the quality is amazing, and this piece will spruce up most outfits !
Been on the hunt for jammie's so gave these a shot. ordered my normal size large. fit well in the waist but i don't like the super wide legs. and they're too long. pretty color and pattern, however, the fabric isn't as soft or cozy as i hoped. i'm retired and wanted pajamas to lounge in all day. these missed the mark for me.
Facing the mirror--near perfection. high waist emphasizes the narrowest part of the frame--pleats nicely hide any stomach flaws. color is an eye-catching deep mustardy perfection and the interlocking button pattern is creative and beautiful. the problem is the walk away. from that view, the skirt waist finishes just where there's a bit of extra flesh. the cut is more of a long a-line--fairly boxy--and the heaviness of the cotton maintains that structure, so while the look as you approach walking
"I'm: 34a, 125 lbs, 5'8""
purchased: small

i was going back and forth between xs and s. i decided on small because it fit better in my arms, didn't feel as tight. the xs fit well in the torso area and didn't have as much fabric as the small. the small also had a longer shirt tail. 

if you don't have as much mass in the arms, get the xs. if you have some muscle or extra mass in the arms, it's better to go with the small."
I bought this skirt a month or so ago and only wore it for the first time yesterday. i thought the design was fluid, summer appropriate, and easy like sunday morning. i enjoyed wearing it so much that i went on to the retailer site today to order it in another color. and lo and behold i saw all the reviews on the sizing/fit. i totally respect other reviewers, so i questioned why that had not been my experience when i wore it yesterday, so much so that i went and put it on again, sans issues.i am n
Cute design with interesting details. i felt it ran a bit large. i'm 5'8", 135 lbs, an 8 was too big and baggy. my biggest complaint with this skirt is the color. it's just not flattering.
Okay, i get the idea of the loose swing dresses but i have a couple that do it well without looking like a moo-moo. i ordered my "typical" pxs. the length was good and the color beautiful. i like the details of the dress but it was huge and not in a flattering swingy drapey way. i was undecided if i should try the pxxs as the pxs was so large that i don't know if the pxxs would fix this problem for me. i will still be thinking about it.
Dear creatures always has sizing issues. they run the gamut of bust-problems. i'd been salivating for this dress for a long time so i really did my homework. at 5'7", 130-135 lbs, 34c, 28" waist - typically a 4 in dresses... i bought the small. each dress is cut from the same fabric, leaving each dress's color swatch placement to be randomly determined. as a result, i've seen some dresses have only pink, purple, and green. i lucked out and got every color represented. so the dress you see may no
Fell in love with this the moment it arrived in stores. whimsical but work--appropriate. i'm typically a 4 in dresses. i would say this skirt runs tts; however, the front pleats will create a pouch-y stomach if you have a small waist and a lucious anything-below-your-waist. size up one size to avoid this. the waist size will be loose, but it will allow the pleats to lay flat. absolutely lovely with a mock neck sleeveless top. also great with solid white, black, or printed blouses. not a true pen
This skirt is very pretty, but not only does it run small but only a small portion of the waistband is elasticized, so there's very little stretch. for those of us with a significant difference in our waist and hip measurements, there's no way to get this skirt on past the hips.
This skirt is beautiful...the color is definitely more a greeny-gold then a true yellow gold...nice quality fabric, has some stretch, big pockets with cute lining, buttons are adorable, perfect knee length, sits higher on the waist. because it's not lined and the pockets are big, the pocket line is visible on my thigh area, so i am going up a size just so i don't see that...if you have less curves, your regular size should be perfect. it has so much character, but it!!
"1. i'm 5'5"" tall, 145 lbs, and 38-32-40. i'm normally a size 10, but i took a 12 in this skirt.

2. it's comfortable and has pockets that you can really put your hands in.

3. sits at high waist. hem hits below the knee.

4. i didn't like the buttons. they are very round and stick out quite far. they are also mismatched. i would have liked them better if they were flatter.

5. i also didn't like the mustard color. it's unflattering to me."
This is a very classy sweater/jacket. it is a beautiful color. i had not even noticed it until it was on sale, and then read all the favorable reviews. it can be dressy or casual as seen in this photo! so glad i got it!
This is a great basic tee (purchased in navy) but fits much larger than it appears on the model. the arms/chest area fit fine but it really billows out below. the front is shorter and the back is longer than i would've expected. i thought this would be great for summer, but it's really too long in the back to wear with shorts. it does, however, look great with skinny jeans.
I absolutely love this gorgeous cardigan. i will wear it for years to come!!
I tried this skirt in my usual size s, and although it fit, it was too short for my liking and made my hips look wide b/c of the way it billowed out. the size m looked much better- hit me right below the knee in the front. (i'm 5'2") my skirt is much more high-low than the picture. also, it sits much lower on my waist, which i like. i bought the blue, and with the color variations, it is gorgeous- reminds me of a chambray or denim coloring. i rolled it up to take on vacation, and it traveled rea
I love this skirt! it is a lovely and soft gauze layer with lining underneath. i live where the summer"s are hot and humid and this skirt keeps me cool when everything else just sticks to me. it is, for sure, very limited because it does not have a zipper.... if you cannot get this over your hips or over your shoulders and bust, this is not the skirt for you. the elastic waistband is really strong and really highlights your waist, but yes, i am petite and i struggle to get it on. once it is on,
I adore this dress, the perfect summer dress that you can dress up or down. the color is vibrant and the fabric flows and feels fantastic against your skin. i love that you can still wear a strapless bra with it, but with the adjustable shoulder ties you can have it go as low as you want for a more sexy look. the bottom hem is this super cute fringe, so fun and feminine. and while it is a loose fitting dress i did not feel like my figure was drowned out by the fullness of the fabric. this dress
One of the things i love most about this dress is that the straps are adjustable. you can tie them as loose or tight as you like. like other reviewers mentioned, the color of this dress is vibrant and the fringe at the bottom is the perfect detail retailer is famous for doing! i am 5'5 105 lbs and lately all of the dresses i have been buying at retailer have been xsp. i have never worn petites before, so i don't know if retailer is just making their dresses a little bigger, but i definitely have neede
Love the deep purple color of this cardi sweater - long and drapey looks great with leggings skinnies and jeans. my only problem is the way the loose stitching around the cuffs is makes it worrisome. wore once and already starting to get a hole. still a great piece.
Yes, this top runs large and it doesn't show your curves, but it's still really cute and fun to wear. i first purchased the beautiful sage color, and after getting compliments, i also ordered the navy version. these tops are easy to wear, have an interesting detail at the neck, and could be layered. cozy, comfortable, stylish. love mine!
I agree with the other reviews - runs small. would have been perfect if it actually was comfortable. waistband doesn't stretch all the way around. bummer.
This swimsuit is aaaahmazing. seafolly is an australian brand and their sizing is way off, luckily i already own a one piece by them so i knew what size to order. i am usually a 0 or a 2, chest size 34 d, and i ordered a 6 in this and it fits perfectly. taking it out of the package i wasn't sure if it would fit, but it did! the keyhole is pretty open, and the shape of the sides and high neck make some cleavage happen. i got it in black and it's really sohpisticated, but still sexy and cool. i ca
I typically wear an xs to s in tops and purchased an xs for a less flowy fit.  this top has a luxurious feel and the green color is really beautiful (more matte than shiny).  perfect piece to wear under a jacket or blazer.
Great piece just wish it fit a bit more blousy rather than cami
This top! it is so simple, but so great at the same time! it does run large, and i'm not a skinny girl... but it has a style that is certainly meant to flow away from the body as it goes down. i find the top portion very flattering and the looser bottom section doesn't take away from that. i have been wearing the olive green with fitting dark jeans and a flannel or oversized soft, washed-jean button down shirt over it for the cool spring weather. it's casual, but so comfy. it's great for loungin
Color, style, adjustability, easy fit, flattering!  yes on so many levels!  oh wait it's on sale!  fantastic, magnificent and pretty!  i bought medium and in 39-28-35
"It's a lovely and unexpected sweater. a few things to keep in mind- 

- the knit details are beautiful- the pictures don't do it justice.

- it's pretty lightweight.

- the color is a little darker than the picture shown- it's a very dark plum

- it runs bigger- this is the only retailer sweater where the sleeves of a m are a little to long. 

- the style is decidedly casual and ""slouchy"". it looks great with jeans, but don't plan to dress up an outfit with this piece."
What an adorable and frustrating skirt! i'm not a large person: 32d-26-36. and i ordered my normal size small. this is a pull on skirt, and the waist opening could not accommodate either my shoulders or my hips. in most retailer clothes, i'm either a size 2 or 4; i have to agree with the other reviewer. there is no way to put this item on.
This sweater was huge, it hung down to my calves! it also is really bulky and scratchy, it feels as if you are wearing an old wool blanket. i think it is only made for really tall and skinny people. i'm 5'2" and weigh 120lbs. and i ordered a size s, and i was swimming in it. the fabric is very thick, i may be great if you live in alaska or the arctic. it adds about 20lbs to your body frame.......
Fit is tts and comfortable. the color didn't suit mine but if the color works for you then grab it because it's a beauty
I have been searching for a comfortable pair of flared jeans to wear with tennis shoes or flats. i have tried several different brands and these are amazing! they are super soft and comfortable with just the right amount of stretch. the coloring is excellent for the casual look i am going for. the pocket detailing is cute and helps to flatter your bottom. i am 5'2" so these were very long but nothing a good seamstress can't fix. i will note that cutting of that much of the bottom will reduce som
This top is just adorable. i'm usually between an xs and a small and i went with the small and it's a little more roomy. i wanted it to be long enough. the colors are beautiful and it's a must have.
Gorgeous linen blend tee. purchased in grey and white. classic timeless staples. fits baggy which i love. for reference i am 32a 5'1 105 lbs. love love love!
I loved this top . it is beautiful.
The picture doesn't do it justice. i am wearing it right now with cream pants to work with a cardigan i also purchased from retailer and it looks amazing. the fit is true to size. i am large chested but it fit comfortable...i did go up a size so it is a little longer than i like but i think if i had picked my normal size it would have been a little too snug at the chest. still looks amazing. i feel very feminine in this blouse. good quality material.
So stunning, i had to have it for my spring wardrobe! fits true to size and fits well in the bust and is looser on the bottom. the model weara it just as it fits on me. if you have a large bust you may need to size up as the fabric isn't stretchy.
Besides being my favorite color to wear, this dress oozes vintage glamour while not looking like a costume. the fabric is super silky and will need a professional steaming to get out any wrinkles. the fit is not what i'm used to, because it fits in a 1940s type of way, and when i took it to my tailor, she ensured me that it is the perfect fit. the bodice is a bit looser than contemporary pieces, but is perfect for a night out.
Cute dress that is perfect for a casual summer wedding or brunch with friends. i love the material and that the dress is lined. it is very comfortable and it has pockets. this is definitely more of a ?golden? yellow vs. a soft yellow. my only complaint is that i wish it were cinched more right below the bust. it would give the dress (and me) more shape. i would say this dress is true to size but if you have a larger chest, you will likely want to size up. if you have a small chest, i would proba
Material is hard to wear a bra under it
Very soft fabric. does begin to ball up due to boucle material, very common
These jeans hug in all the right places. the high waist accentuates my body and makes my legs look a mile long! the jeans will need a trip to the tailor to be hemmed, pooling even with my highest heels.
Loved the way these felt but like the previous reviewer said it did run slightly large. i am usually a size 6 or m and the legs were a little baggy w/the medium. since the m is sold out i'm going to try and see if they shrink in the dryer. the color and design of the ankle is different from other leggings which is a plus. i'm 5'7" and they are the perfect length.
Beautiful dress! perfect mid length dress for the colder months. i tried a size 2 regular first (my normal dress size) but it was a little baggy, so the 0 fit perfectly.
The pleats on the bib make this look like something from chloe sevigny's wardrobe on the set of big love. and the shoulders are cut for an offensive lineman.
I absolutely love this dress. i feel it's the perfect year-round piece. looks super cute with boots or booties. even with a cute baggy sweater over it. i am usually a small or medium, depending on brand. i'm a small with this one. and i actually like it worn without the button fastened in the back, it just worked better that way. it is not see-thru, though is a light material. i live in fl so i can wear year round. but up north, with tights and boots, you can too. so worth the price!
Other reviews are correct. but this has potential to look as good as on the model - structure and quality of the cotton are very flattering. makes legs look miles long. however this fits very tight, allows no room for extra tummy, hips, booty, or thighs. i ordered a s (i'm usually a 4) - was able to get it on (step into it from the top), but felt a little self conscious about how tight the fit was. if there was an m, would have definitely sized up, as i really liked the look.
I have been hunting for a pair of high rise flares that have significant width at the bottom and these are perfect. i love the vintage silhouette and how they make your legs look a mile long and i adore how they open wide enough to cover my shoes, not to mention being long enough for me to wear a 3.5" heel and still skim the ground. for reference, i'm 5'8 140lbs with super long legs and straight athletic build. i sized up to a 30 which is usually for me in ag jeans so for the brand, they run tts
Beautiful, unique, colors perfect for winter. i received so many compliments at two holiday parties. and on sale, this is a no-brainer
The picture online doesn't do this pretty dress justice. i'm curvy, and always searching for dresses that don't make me look like a sack of potatoes. its pin tucks at the bust give it a little shape, and the print is much more vibrant in person. will look great with tights and a black blazer for dinners out.
"Received this dress yesterday, love it!
my initial hesitation in ordering this dress, even though it is my fav color....was rather bright for sept..
but loved it and decided to order and wear it next spring.
delighted to open the package and see that the dress is much darker than in the pics...more of a jade green.
it is still a summer fabric/style, however the darker color will be perfect for the warmer fall days ahead.
this dress is beautifully made, superior workmanship, and the fabric i"
This is a beautiful dress with unfortunate design flaws at the bodice of the dress. the fit at hips and length is perfect, falling just to my knee (i'm 5'5" 142 lbs.) and grazing my hips. in that regard the fit is spectacular. but the bodice seems cut very oddly, which would require tayloring to correct. the armholes are large and flared at the bottom which leaves 'wings' just under the arms that stick out. since this dress has a side zip, to correct that would seem a major undertaking. the stra
This dress is sure to become one of my favorites! i ordered it online and the colors are even prettier in person; very vivid! it is a little light for the climate where i live right now but, i'm sure that as soon as it gets a little warmer i will be wearing it often. i can't wait!
Nice but i thought these ran big. me: 28-29' waist, 36" hips, athletic thighs. usually a medium in leggings but these size mediums were a bit baggy to my surprise. hoping to exchange for a size down as they are pretty, the ankle detail is fun and decently made.
I absolutely love this dress! i wore it with taupe tights and suede boots and got so many compliments. i have also worn it over leggings, and can see myself wearing it in the warmer months with sandals. even though the material is somewhat thin, i did not have to wear a cami with it. the fabric pattern is really cute!
I bought the pink, which is a vibrant but not neon shade of deep reddish pink. love it. i love how the flutter of the sleeves is balanced with a slimmer fitting body, which keeps it from looking frumpy. i did order a size down to achieve this look. i prefer a more tailored look so this suits me while satisfying my desire for a little whimsy now and then. my only issue is that it's too low cut. trying to decide if i just need to wear it with a lower-cut bra or if this requires a cami. i hate laye
"I got the pink color, which is really vibrant and beautiful in person. this top is low cut, so if you don't like to show much cleavage plan to wear it over a cami.

i'm 5'5 145lbs, 37-29-39. got a size medium. it fits okay in the bust area, but is much looser than i would prefer below the bust. i will either return or exchange for a small to see if the fit is better."
I love sanctuary clothing. this parka is on the lighter side, good for this mild east coast winter. it is water repellent. the length hits me on my upper thigh and the sleeves are long ( good for longer limbs). i received many compliments.
Very flattering, not too short, beautiful. i'm 5.6, 36d, usually wear m in dresses, wide hips. the 8 fit very nicely.
Finally a white top that is not see through! this tank is very form fitting and flattering, but does not hug too tight. i am neither large nor small breasted and love the way the v-neck fits on me. for reference, i am 5'2, 105#, 32c and i got the xxs.
"Very pleasantly surprised by this top! it's looser, but in a flowy not baggy way. i ordered the m. the
vee is just right on me, tasteful but just low enough. love the sleeve length
ordered thinking another black tee , but it's going to be well used,and great for evenings."
As one would expect from boucle, this sweater is incredibly soft, warm and cozy without being heavy. i fell in love with it when i first saw it and got it in white color. it's beautiful, goes with casual and work clothing (belt helps with the latter styling), and it didn't leave lint on the dark skirt i wore with it to work! i usually wear xs or s and found this sweater to be still roomy in xs, with sleeves being a bit long. i hope it won't stretch with wear as boucles sometimes do - that's my o
There is a lot of fabric here! the legs fit me fine, but they are long and when you roll them up it creates a bunching of fabric in an awkward area. i've also found that they don't stay rolled up in the back, especially if you sit down. it's a shame since the fabric is soft and comfortable. maybe sizing down would've helped, but i doubt that would've fixed the problem of the cuffs staying rolled up.
Gorgeous dress! fits true to size with high quality material. the colors are stunning.
These jeans are awesome! i usually wear a 26 in ag jeans as they tend to stretch, but i ordered a 27p because i am only 5'1 and these are a flare style. i have a small waist but a larger booty, and these jeans hug me in all the right places. they also have a great dark color and are super classy so you can dress them up if need be. the only thing i didn't like was the length. even with the petite size i have to wear wedges so they don't drag on the ground. but, this is an issue i have with most
I purchased this dress online after two reviews and i am so glad i did. this is a work of art and beauty and will be my go to dress for spring and summer weddings, special occasions and other events. i am so glad the arms are covered with lace and flowers. this is spectacular.
Even on sale, this was just too pricey for what it is, which is a glorified tank. i liked the straps, but it hangs very wide off your chest.
I wrote item ran large, but that was true only in length. it would be long for someone 5'10" . however the bigger issue is getting it on. the style and quality are quite nice, but it does have some issues.
I'm either a medium or large in retailer tops. i was able to wear a medium in this top. the color is vibrant and the material is soft and light. it will be a great spring and summer top. can't wait to wear it.
This dress runs large so i sized down. when it arrived i looked at it and thought the fabric was ugly and boring for a dress. it sat there for about two weeks till i tried it on. i love it! it is so comfortable and is so cute how the pockets hang. all it need is some long necklaces or a scarf to complete the look. i get complements on it everytime i wear it. my only complaint is that it peels under the arms a little bit.
"This dress is amazing ! the colors in person are so vibrant and yet organic somehow at the same time. perhaps this is because the fabric has a really nice depth and texture to it. i got this dress for a summer wedding and it's casual yet dressy at the same time. 

re: fit - the best thing about this dress - is a fit ! it's so incredibly flattering on, it fits like a glove. it just hugs your figure in the most flattering way, especially if you have an hourglass figure. the fit is true to size -"
Love the pockets! fits loose, but lies nicely. comfy but able to be dressed up or down. great versatile dress.
This t-shirt does a great job of elevating the basic t-shirt in to one with a touch of flair. i typically wear a medium but luckily read earlier reviews and went with the small.
I'm so happy to add this lovely and unusual dress to my fall wardrobe. i absolutely fell in love with it the moment i tried it on. i wear a two or four, depending on the designer, and the two fit me perfectly. another reviewer said it's special occasion only, but i like it so much, i'll wear it more often. with that said, it's a wonderful go-to dress for the holiday season.
I ordered a 6p in this dress so it wld fall above my knees & be slightly smaller than a regular 6. sometimes a regular size 4 works, sometimes a 6. typically a regular size 6 is big on me. i am 5'3", 118#, 36c. just recd the 6p in the mail. the first thing i noticed is that it's s a knit fabric that looks & feels like polyester although says 'cotton' on the inside label. i think it wld be a bit warm in hot weather, but that is just my observation. the main problem is that it is too big on each s
I love the colors of this dress, and i waited for the sale since it isn't really good for work. i wear size 6 in hd all the time, but this one doesn't fit at all on the top. the bust is cut for someone really curvy, but the bottom is for someone really straight. i don't know what they were using for a model, but this has to be tried on before purchased. the material is also rough, and there is no lining to protect you from that. i love my hd dresses for style and functionality, but this one is j
I love this dress! tried it on at the store. they only had medium. while i'm usually always a medium, it fit perfectly but pulled at the bust (i'm a 38). i ordered a large online the next day. i have it now and i am extremely pleased. the pattern is unique, the length falls just above the knee and has s sexy flirtiness to it. the back button is key as it gives some contour to the dress. the side pockets are an awesome touch. you can wear this dress any season. i'm wearing it with ankle boots and
This dress is adorable and well made. this brand runs on the large side. i ordered an xs and the tag says 'p" on it. it's not petite. it ran large through the hips and will need alteration. i'm keeping it because it is really cute and is well made. the material is knit and soft - very comfortable. i'm surprised nobody has reviewed this item. i probably will not buy this brand again only because it runs large.
This dress is so cute. i love that it has pockets. it looks great with sandels, and also ballet flats. it is airy, and run true to size. i wear a small, and it fit perfect. i even bought the other navy, and cream dress. you will wear this dress over, and over. just roll up the sleeves, and throw it on, and your ready. just love it!!!!
I loved the aesthetic but as a true hourglass shape, i was frustrated that it didn't have a little more give as i tried to pull it over my head. the fabric was stiff, and seemed to be lace over cotton? not entirely sure. i couldn't get past the feeling off the material.
I purchased the green print which has so many patterns and colors which makes this dress have a very interesting look. i love that it has a drop waist because it is so flattering to most body types.the other thing i liked was that this dress came in petite sizes, perfect for me.
I thought the quality of the fabric was good and liked the idea of wearing it, either with opening in front or back. it was a little larger then i was expecting and i wish it had a closure, (hook and eye or snap) at the top. it has three places in the back to tie together and when i tied them in a bow they came loose easily. overall glad i bought it.
Went to the store in search of a butter dish. tried this dress on a was shocked at how comfortable, versatile and all over appealing this dress is. i'm 5'10" and the medium hits at my knees.  as always i think the quality could be better. it's not something that will last for years.
"I saw this top on sale and tried it on right away. my normal medium was too big, so i purchased the small in the rose color. wore it with a shimmery kimono and cream colored pilcro boyfriend jeans. wow, what an outfit!!!!
then i washed it according to directions, and sadly it shrunk into a crop peplum tank. i was so disappointed. i wished i had read the reviews beforehand."
This is my second dress from this designer. it is very comfortable, stylish, and looks great with sandals/wedges. i would have given it 5 stars but the neckline was a little lower than i expected and the length was a little longer. i am still keeping it though and expect to wear it spring, summer, and fall.
"I'm 5'4, 125 lbs, & have a 36 c/d bust; the xs fits great.
i wash everything in cold & line dry... this was no exception. when i took it out of the washer i knew immediately :( i've pulled it back into shape & hung it up, but we'll see.
 dry clean if you want to keep it"
"I will preface this review by stating that this item was available only in one size at my local retailer. they have a section of dresses mostly offered online that are in store for you to touch, see, try on and order through the store (which is much appreciated). i am normally a size 0-2/xs in retailer clothes and i will typically order a petite when available. the option my store had to try on was a regular medium which is what i have pictured here.

i mostly wanted to try it on just to get a fee"
I love this top, wish they had it in more colors, i would buy more!
I purchased this with some hesitation, having read that some people thought it was unflattering. but i couldn't resist the sale price, and i love a low-maintenance work top and doesn't require ironing. this fits the bill perfectly. it's made of high quality fabric, there's a soft inner lining with a side zip closure, and it has a pretty narrow profile so initially i found it a little snug to wiggle into (i got a small), but once on it fit perfectly, and is so flattering i can't imagine why other
I wanted to love these. the fabric was soft and they were good quality but they fit differently than the hyphen chinos and were too small. sadly, i had to return them.
Should've ordered a larger size. it runs a bit tight around the top and the zipper isn't that helpful.
This was my first tiny shirtdress purchase after seeing the past few patterns/seasons. for me the last few were a little too busy, but something about both patterns this season felt right for summer. i'm 5'7", 128# and found my usual s to be too long in length and in sleeve length (the sleeves being a problem that i never have). going to try to exchange for an xs because it really is a lovely piece in both colors (though i slightly prefer the green because it feels more tropical/exotic for summe
I'm 5'6 and between 100-105lbs. buying clothes from retailer is always a stuggle because i have a petite frame but i don't fall into the petite height range. i usually order a petite size and just deal with the shorter length, which is hard when you're all limbs. i purchased a 0r and i'm in love with the fit! the top of the dress fits under my arms perfectly! the waist of the dress also hits nicely. usually the waist of regular sized dresses falls below my natural waistline due to my short
I love the ease of this dress. the style can be dressed up or down. the straps are inset a little which doesn't work for every body type. the thin material can get caught and snag easily but otherwise this dress is a simple chic addition to my closet. the length is just right, not too long like some other maxi dresses. the lining underneath ends at the perfect length as well. the top part is lined well so it can be worn with or without a bra. i am normally a 4 or 6 in dresses. the waistband hits
Dig this top but a little different from what i was expecting. the outside is indeed a bit stiff and scratchy but it is lined ... but definitely would've appreciated a softer fabric. however, the cut is cute and flattering and the pattern is adorable so it's staying in my closet. perhaps not the thing to wear to snuggle up with someone though!
I purchased this based on previous reviews. the quality of the dress and the print is excellent. the dress fit me perfect in the front however there were so much extra fabric in the back that it made me look extremely large. i understand it's a shirt dress however the back would need to be taken in like 6 inches. for someone who is looking for a more boxy full coverage dress this is more for them
I usually don't even consider this style of shirt, but i was intrigued by its soft fabric and texture. honestly, i love this shirt! it is so flattering and a perfect staple for any closet! i can wait to wear it out and about!
I am between a xs and s but figured i would order down based on the reviews. well, it's still huge. i have about 5 inches that i can take in from the side. i have ordered the xxs and am hoping it will look more flattering. i love the colors and design, but as it is it does not do anything for me. for reference i am 124 lbs, 32d, 5'5".
"The first reviewer said it was small in the bust, but the 0p i ordered fit everywhere, rib cage and all, but was gaping at the bust (in the back). i would say overall it was true to size but if i sized down, it would be too snug in the rib cage. i am 30dd for reference there and waist is 26.5 inches,

otherwise, the make is very pretty, i like the texture in the fabric, the color is very pretty as well. embroidery seemed high quality, but i decided to pass on it, even on sale, since it didn't"
I had my eye on this for a while, and my store finally got it in (in tmie for the 40% off sweaters). too bad hte petite size was already sold out by then, however good thing isthe xs stil lfit me in a nice way. i wil lnever know about petite, decided to jsut purchase as is (they don't have xxs either#. the fit is on hte looser comfortable side. the red color is rich, and the design is subtle, adn will nto fall apart, so it add some interest to an otherwise typical pullover. will look nice with j
This is a great dress for those days where you just want to throw something on but still look put together. it hangs so well and feels so comfortable yet it has a style that is a combination of bohemian and part sophisticated . the colors are muted but they work so well. i wear it with flat strap sandals and have also paired it with wedges. i receive tons of compliments and have to make sure my daughter doesn't try to borrow it. would highly recommend.
I wear a size 4 and i ordered the small for this top. it is huge and gave me a maternity-look that i wasn't going for. i was hoping for a loose, body-skimming fit as shown on the model in the picture but that wasn't happening with this top.
Love this layering piece! a little low cut for my personal comfort, but a tank underneath works great.
I originally purchased a small after reading some of the reviews. although it did fit, i felt it was just slightly snug across the chest and upper arms. i returned for a medium (my usual size) and it was perfect. it had the same look and flow as what you see in the model pics. i love love love that it is long-sleeved and has pockets!!!!! i went ahead and ordered the other print as well! i wore the first one to work with some knee high boots and got many compliments. highly recommend!
Love love love this dress.  fits like a glove. beautiful details. amazing quality. i'm so happy with this dress and know i'll have it for years. :)
This jacket is gorgeous! the design is visually very interesting. the fabric is light enough that i can wear it to work and keep it on all day.
Love this sweater! the abstract floral design adds an understated romantic touch, the red is a beautiful rich red, and the cotton is super soft and comfy. i've tried it on with pencil skirts and jeans, and it looks great with both. i'm considering buying it in the off white too, but it does have some cons. one is the waist band hits me where it does on the model and if you look closely you can see where the sweater poof out over the band a bit--it does that on me too, unless i turn the band up t

I am totally in love with this sweater!! it is lightweight, comfortable, and very versatile. throw on a pair of jeans and it is casual. throw on dark slacks or a skirt and it is dressy. the design does not become the focus of the sweater but rather takes it up a notch making it a fun piece to wear. the color is not a light red, but rather a rich cabernet wine color. this sweater is well on its way to becoming one of my all time favorites!!
I was very nervous to buy this top, but because it was on such an excellent sale i went for it- tops like this usually end in me showing a ridiculous amount of cleavage or not being able to zip (i am a 32ddd) it past my waist. i ordered a small based on the other reviews and it fits perfectly! the wrap top is perfect and shows off my curves without showing too much. the fabric is very unique and the whole top is lined with a nice nylon/cotton blend so it is very soft and comfortable to wear. def
I really loved the colors in this dress and was looking for a long sleeve dress. this style may just be big fitting but the sleeves were way too long and the dress was just shapeless on me. i usually wear a small or a size 4 in clothing and the size small in this dress was way too big. the x-small may have been a better fit but this dress was on backorder and i just received it right before we are going on a trip. there's no time to order the x-small but maybe i can look at it again when we retu
I love everything about this blouse except for one thing: the peplum just hits way too high up on the body, and i am only 5'4". 106 and ordered a regular size 2 (not petite) which fits perfectly except for this. it is made of a beautiful textured fabric and is very nice quality. i adore peplums and own many and like the peplum to begin near the waist. however, others may not mind the higher waist and in that case it may work for them. i really hated to send it back it was so pretty but it just w
Super cute, flattering design but the material is itchy so it's going back:(
I tried this on at the store in the regular size it came in and thought maybe it has some potential is i ordered it for me in a petite since that's what i am. i ignored the package when i first got it thinking it wouldn't really look right but omg, it's 100% amazing and flattering. wear it with skinny jeans, leggings, jeggings, whatever and it's just super awesome on dressed up or down. i'd buy this over and over again without a doubt.
I bought this shirt to wear to work (i'm a teacher). this shirt is so amazing. i'm able to pair it with work pants to dress it up, and in denim to dress it down. the cut is incredible, with the peplum waist coming right below my breasts a little above my waist. the length is perfect, and it just seems to create the most perfect shape. the material is high quality, and i just love the fabric texture. it's very soft, and gives a tiny bit of stretch, but not much. i did size up in this shirt (i'm u
I honestly bought this shirt on a whim the other day in my local retailer. i was drawn to the color and the swing. first of all, this shirt is incredibly soft and lightweight. i love the flow of the loose peplum. the straps are nicely placed, because they're wider and accentuate my arms (and cover my bra straps). i love the little v neck detail. it shows a little cleavage when bent or hunched over, but the top stays conservative when truly upright. i wore this shirt 3 days in a row last week, and
Comfortable, relaxed fit. i am very top heavy and the generous cut of this dress worked well!
This top is comfortable and flattering. i really like the simplicity- a wearable basic summer top, with a cute twist, just enough to make it contemporary, but not overstated.
I fell in love with this dress online and went to try on in the store. i'm 5'6, 128 lbs with some boobs, usually a s or size 4. i tried on the s and xs, and ended up buying the xs - and i've never worn an xs in my life. it is long and loose, hanging right at my knees. the body is roomy, and i am thinking of having it taken in a couple of inches at the waist. there is pleating in the front that begins just below my natural waist and extends out to the hips, plus pockets (!!!). the sleeves are lon
This dress is comfortable and the pattern is really nice with some good attention to detail on the lace trim and pockets. i ordered this in my usual pxs (i am 5'2"), but this definitely runs very large. it is a shirt style dress so i didn't expect it to be fitted, but off the hanger it was just too shapeless and sack-like for me. i really wanted it to work, so i took it to my tailor and she added a beautiful navy rope-like tie attached to both sides in the back of the dress. it looks amazing, an
This will be a favorite sweater this winter. it has a loose but flattering fit. i purchased the red (a deep rusty red), and it fits me exactly as it does the model pictured...slightly loose but flattering, mid hip, open neckline. you can't tell in the picture, but the neckline is rolled. i am 5'2", 140 lbs., just a bit fluffy. the small fits me perfectly. i think that you could size down from your regular size if you prefer a closer fit. the sleeves are at the top of my hands, just below the wri
Looks great in the picture but when i got this in the mail the fabric was so stiff! shaking it out did nothing-almost like it was dipped in drying glue. i got this for $10 which is so cheap and i still returned it!
I bought this dress in the green. it runs big - i usually take a s and had to return for xs - i am 5'5" and 125. it flows beautifully and can be dressed up with heels or worn completely casual with flip flops. worth every penny!!
For a brand called "tiny"--this dress was really big. i ordered my usual m and it was like a sack--virtually no shape to it at all. i haven't been a small in many decades, so i'm really hesitant to order it again. i'm afraid i'll be like goldilocks--"too big!", "too small!"--but i'm probably going to give it a whirl because the green print is so pretty, and i l like that it has sleeves to protect from sun. and pockets! lots of good qualities, just putting them together in a wearable size seems t
This tank runs very true to size. i ordered my usual size 8, which fits like a glove. couldn't go any smaller. very pretty fabric which is lined above the peplum. i personally like the higher peplum, but it's a personal choice. great purchase!

I love the black and grey version of the vest but decided too try it in plum. the plum color is used only on the lapels and inside of the garment. it has no finished seams but it is like a soft boiled wool so it wouldn't ravel. the seam in the waistline area breaks up the design and adds more interest.
This was a christmas gift to my sister. she liked it so much she wore it the day after opening it. very cute design, lovely deep red color. only thing to look out for is the potential of fabric to snag - looks like it may do so easily if wearing long jewelry. may run a bit large, but the medium for her well (slightly loose fitting garment). she is 5'7 and would probably wear a large in a typical shirt.
I tried this jacket on and it was definitely cute but a couple things to note. it's a wool acrylic blend and it was already starting to pill from being tried on in the store. also, it's unlined. i thought the price point was high given its fibers and unlined. given its hem, i wonder how much longevity the piece has and how quickly it might start to look dated too.
I absolutely adore this shirt!!! the pinkish rosey color is beautiful and ended up being better than i had imagined. i will say that the shirt is a bit more casual than i thought it was going to be, the way it hangs or something..not really sure. nonetheless, it is perfect. can be dressed up or down, which is the best quality to have in any piece of clothing! i can tell i'm going to get a lot of wear out of it.
This dress looked super cute in the picture and on the model. i ordered the petite style and it was still so big and way too loose. no shape whatsoever! i unfortunately had to return it. i love loose dresses but this one was way too big, loose and had no shape at all.
Very versatile top! i feel like i could dress it up or down. fits very nice and the material is soft.
I feel fabulous in this plum and charcoal vest. i am 5/9" and the m'l is the perfect length and size. i was initially attracted by the external seams (and color) and was delighted with the silhouette and soft structure of the wool blend fabric. it is versatile and yet a kind of signature piece that i will wear with joy. .
This will be a great summer staple.  good fit and very comfortable.  may go back and buy another color
This dress is a vintage 20s drop hem style, not meant to be tight to form.  that said, the bottom is loose so may want to size down.  5'2, 145 lbs= s.  i bought the neutral- navy pattern and it is absolutely gorgeus!  hints of peach and beautiful lace detail.  i literally got compliments all day long- from friends and strangers.  i paired it with a dark denim jacket.  absolute must have for sale price.
I purchased this top in the rose and steel blue colors even though the majority of reviews says it shrinks even when you wash per the instructions. i called the local retailer store first to see if it could be returned if this happened and they said yes, no problem. well the reviews are correct. i washed just the rose colored top so i could compare it to the steel blue if it did shrink. i am returning them this evening. i will not take the time or spend the money to dry clean a tank. it is made ve
This dress is very flattering. i am writing a review to share my experience regarding sizing. i am 5'7" and wear 34a.  i tried on a size 0 that was at the store as a return and there was about a 3 inch gap to get the side zip closed. although i  normally wear a size 2, i ordered size 4 because of my experience with the dress at the store.  the size 4 is slightly big across the bust but looks ok. i think the size 2 would've been too tight.
Love this sweater! great for work. very soft and comfortable. color is gorgeous!
Super thick material and it's lined with cotton so as not to be scratchy on the skin. it looks cute on, hopefully it will soften over time. almost thick like upholstery fabric.
I love tiny's aesthetic--sweet, feminine, yet always with a slightly sexy edge. this dress doesn't disappoint! during 90% of the year, i'm always cold. finding cute dresses with long-sleeves is almost as challenging as finding a unicorn. this dress is near casual perfection. i plan to wear it on breezy summer nights on a cruise to greece i have coming up. it would also be a perfect spring/fall dress before the seasons change or could be worn in winder with tights and a cardigan. see, near perfec
Love peplums and love this top! the quality and fabric is beautiful. i did have to size up because it ran a little too short on me, but otherwise great top. really cute to pair with a statement necklace as well!
I've already worn this dress 4 times and i bought 3 weeks ago. easy to wear, comfortable and flattering. i love and wish it was available it more patterns.
I was really drawn to this burgundy color on this sweater, but wasn't all that impressed with the style. as soon i tried it on, wow it is very flattering. the color is gorgeous, i can see myself using it with jeans, pencil skirts, pants. for reference it does run large, i am usually a x large but i got a large and fits beautifully.
Love this dress! it's even prettier in person. i found the sizing a little bit on the large side, but i read that many others had the opposite problem, particularly in the bust where i'm small/average for my size. even though it's a little big on me, it looks and feels great.
Has anybody washed this shirt a second time? just curious if it continues to shrink.
This dress is beautiful in person. i am 5'1 and was afraid it would be too long but it was perfect. i only need 2 inch heel and it will be fine.  details on the flowers are really nice. one more plus it machine washable.
I love, love, love this absolutely stunning dress. the only problem was that the zipper was very difficult to maneuver, and when it finally went up, the watch it was attached the lining of the dress made a bump in the dress, which was very unflattering on an otherwise very flattering dress. i tried on multiple versions of this dress and had the same design issue with each. i ended up returning it because it bothered me so much.

Purchased because i wanted a deep red sweater, and this one was the perfect color. unfortunately i am on the curvier side, with 34g chest, 155lbs 5' 5", and the med was too big, (i usually wear m or l at retailer.) also the fit ended up being boxy on my body type.
I'm not usually a fan of simple crewneck sweaters but this one has some nice added details that make it a keeper. the dark red oxblood color is really nice (it manages to be a red sweater without feeling overly holiday), the detailing at shoulder/chest is interesting yet subtle enough to not be distracting and doesn't feel bulky at all, the dropped shoulder seams are done correctly and without the body becoming boxy. it does feel like it might run a tad bit large, but only very slightly, not eno
I own many retailer dresses but the sizing can be odd. i usually wear a size 4-6 and i have a floreat maxi dress size 4 that works well. i am 34c and based on the reviews i decided to order a size 6. the dress fits well except for he bust area that is very snug/couldn't even get the zipper up. i will probably have to order a size 10 to be able to close the zipper on the bust area but it will be huge everywhere else.the fabric seems very delicate and may develop runs easily. it's a shame because th
Great coat. love the length but it definitely runs big. i got a m even though i would normally be a l and it's roomy. fabric has pulles under the arms after 1 wear but overall quality is good. very warm. great look for work w. black pants.
I got this coat to throw over slacks at work with the ac, and it's perfect. the picture online is less flattering than in person. found that the medium was too large in shoulders and arm length, small was right for 140lb, 5'8", typical size 6.
This dress is adorable. i found it to be true to size, but i do have a small bust so perhaps that helped with the sizing issue the other reviewer encountered. i love the embroidery throughout, it beautifully constructed and feels lush. i'm 5'9" and the dress falls to my ankles, but that's ok because it will look beautiful with heels or flats. i love the dress and cant wait to wear but gave it a 4-star rating because of the side zipper. it is extremely hard to zip up past your waist because of th
I fell in love with this cute top, however after reading reviews, i am going to return it. seems there is a problem with it shrinking after following washing instructions. who wants to dry clean a tank top? not me, sadly. too bad. style was cute and color was awesome.
Love the fabric, so soft and comfortable. it gives a very flattering silhouette. love those pants.
This dress is so beautiful in person! but the quality was very upsetting. i had two buttons come off before even putting it on. i was so excited to get his dress for my wedding shower and then i couldn't wear it :(
But if that works for you it is a cute pattern. this is a lighter weight sweater but good for fall.
I wanted this dress so bad for a trip to hawaii. i sized up when i saw the side zip because i'm a little larger in the top than bottom, but whoa... even when sizing up, i think i would have needed to size up like 3x to get this to work. the dress is adorable, and if you have a smaller bust, it will work for you... so sad it wouldn't work for me.
This vest is soft, flattering, and versatile. but both pockets were sewn incorrectly, with broken seams on the bottoms so if you used them, things would fall out. i'm keeping it but had to pay a seamstress to fix it. for the price, i'd expect better quality. recommended conditionally..
This dress is gorgeous- it's one of those retailer dresses that i find worth the price because of how unique and beautiful it is! i found it to fit tts. although the zipper does take a good tug to get over the fabric seam, it fits perfectly. if you have a bigger chest (d+), i would foresee this dress being too snug. however, i am a c and it fits just right! i wore it to a backyard wedding with flat sandals and simple gold hoops, but i love the idea of styling it with a jacket and some wedges or bo
I am normally a size 4/6p in all things retailer but read the reviews and opted to go petite on the maxi and size up. i went with the 8p and even with a 32d bust, had no trouble zipping and it fit beautifully. the band is a tad loose, but any tighter wouldn't have fit in the bust. this dress hangs beautifully and is incredibly flattering, especially for those of us with an athletic build.
I've received so many complements when i wear this tunic. it's so comfortable and fits great. the fabric is light and feels good against my skin. this is, by far, my most favorite purchase from retailer and i wear it all the time with my leggings. love, love, love this tunic/dress!!
I wanted to love this top. the color is wonderful in the pink and the material is silky soft. it is huge though, i am a 34 dd and bought my usual small! i am going to exchange for an xs and am hoping it fits.
I tried this top on at store and didn't want to buy at full price even though it made my heart skip a beat with how adorable it was. it is even cuter on. so when i saw it finally went on sale and i got an additional 20% off i immediately ordered!!!! it is flowy, comfortable and fun. wore it today layered with a black turtleneck and long black vest.
I have to agree with another reviewer that this runs slightly small. i'm 5'8, an athletic pear with narrow shoulders, 34c, and usually a 6 in tops at retailer. since the top looks a little short on the model, i sized up to an 8, since i'd rather have it be flowy and a little longer. i'm very glad i did because it hits at my low hip, and if it were any smaller, it'd be too tight in my chest. since it doesn't stretch, you need some space for your arms to move. if i could do it again, i'd actually si
I ordered the gray/plum colorway and while i'm disappointed in the large percent acrylic fabrication, the vest is very soft and warm. the unfinished raw seams add visual interest and i'm tempted to remove all the care tags and wear this inside out for a different look. i am worried that excess pilling will be an issue so i will update my review if the quality deteriorates beyond a simple lint shave.
Tiny are experts at making busy bohemian shirtdresses that look casual but retain a feminine drape.  it skims over my trouble spots without adding bulk.  this is my fourth dress from this label and it does not disappoint.  for my frame and style i chose tts but those of slender & petite builds may want to size down.  for reference i am 5'3" 140# 36dd.
Embroidered tulips look like they were plucked when comparing the dresses in the product photos. took a chance any way, came out disappointed because i couldn't zip up the bodice. i hate side zips and when you pair a cheap zipper with delicate material, recipe for disaster! i am top and back heavy so though i lost weight and went down a cup size, my back is too wide for the 12p. for reference i'm 135# 36d 38/28/35.
Love it- super cute. can wear it to work with blazer or out at night. i'm 5'3" and got a size small, a little shorter in the front but that seems to be style, fits great
Wanted to love this top, and could imagine lots of outfits with it. the wide shoulders made my arms/shoulders look big. the ruching and extra flap landed at an odd place, accentuating my belly. it did arrive very wrinkled, although a previous reviewer said she found it to be a wrinkle free garment. maybe that made the look worse. overall i felt that it made me look 15 lbs heavier than i am, so back it goes. i am 5'7", 160lbs, 34dddd, and the size large was the correct size.
This is the perfect dress! for summer, fall, winter or spring, it is flattering and looks cute with booties, flip flops, brogues or barefoot! runs a teeny bit large - i wear a small to medium and the small is perfect! i might just buy the other color it comes in!!!!
I bought this top and it ran huge, i had to get an extra small. well then i wash it according to the instructions and it shrunk horribly! like its so small now my 3 yr old could probably wear it! i'm so sad, i really liked this top....but for it to shrink after one wear is not acceptable.
For me to buy a tank top it better be special and this is. flattering without being skintight, it camouflages that little back bacon you sometimes get from a bra. the v-neck is low and is the same in the back. great length, super soft and the best part is you can wear a bra! i haven't washed this yet, but based on other reviews i'll probably hand wash and air dry. the only issue is the tag flops out every now and then.
This top looks just as it does on the model and it fit just as they said it would. i needed a nice shirt to wear with jeans and camouflage my new-mommy tummy and this was perfect! it's really comfortable and fun, too!
I love everything about this top! the fabric, the color, the fit! great top for spring and summer!
I had hopes for this shirt but was disappointed in the fabric...it's very stiff and heavy for a summer blouse. will be returning it.
I usually wear petite which this was not so a little big for me. but nice color and good quality, but pricey for what it is. it's more like a $45 sweater not $100+
"Another reviewer said it best, ""i love the way this dress makes me feel."" i couldn't agree more. the lines are perfect and effortless. 
with all the different reviews on size, i went into the store to try it on. i am usually always a s or m at retailer and a s fit perfectly. i think sizing down any more takes away from the casual look of the dress. i am 5' 5"", 130, and have a small bust."
I got this in the wine, which is a beautiful color. the design is nice and looks expensive (but i'm not sure how it will hold up), the fabric is very nice, medium weight and drapes well. it is a little boxy but would be nice to layer over a button down.
Love this. can be a jacket or blazer syle. fits well.
The colors, style and fit were great. this dress you could wear on many different occasions. all around great piece to own!
I love a good peplum top, and was so excited when it arrived, but was sad to find the flare on the peplum was a little too much. i'm not sure why it was so unflattering, because in every other way, it fit like a dream, but it seemed like either there was too much or too little fabric around the waist to have it hang properly. it had to go back.
This top is super cute and is very flattering. however, i have trouble getting in and out of it. there is one zipper on the side but it almost seems like it needs to go higher up in order to help you put it on and take it off.
This dress is very striking, especially in the green color way i purchased. flow and loose, very feminine but not "cute". well made and very much in style this season. i returned it because it wasn't quite suitable for me-1 size up would have been a better. fit overall.
I ordered my usual size small and it was very large on my 5'5", 112# frame.  my daughter loved it so she scored.  i ordered another one in xs, perfect though the sleeves run long! i have long arms.  can be dressy or casual.
I got the dark purple color of this top and it is perfect! i wear it all the time. it's comfortable and it's cute! plus if it gets cold i can throw a warm sweater on top of it.
This dress looks beautiful on. it's very flattering and comfortable to wear. it runs true to maeve's dress sizing which for me means in these dresses i always get one size larger than what i normally wear. on my 5'3" height the regular was just above the knee. great for giving you the illusion of the figure you want even if you don't have it naturally !
I am returning. i really liked the appearance in the photo and i love aqua, but the biggest problem for me is the shape. it's pretty boxy and it's hard to tell from the photo, but it has a batwing shape. i also wish the lighter portion were more ivory (less yellow in it), but that's based on what looks better against my skin tone. i found it to run true to size, but i thought it was unflattering (made me look wide).
I absolutely love this tee! i normally don't buy two of the same thing, but i bought it in both black and mauve during a december sale. i ordered a size small, and it fits tts. it can be worn with leggings or skinny jeans/cords. i love pairing it with skinny jeans and boots best. it's very slimming and so soft.
This tee is amazing! it is so soft and comfortable. and is great for those of us who are tall, it has great length! i went with a medium because i didn't want it too tight. i really hope that retailer restocks soon because i want to buy one in every color!
Super comfortable!! i am 34 weeks pregnant and i works great for me now and i think it will be perfect post baby also!
Like the other reviewers, this is my new favorite tee. it's so freaking soft, and the ribbon down the back just gives a little added flare. pure+good has been one of my staple brands for basics for a while, and i will definitely be buying more colors in this. the length is perfect for leggings, and it would be cute with jeans too.

Loved this shirt so much that i bought in 3 colors. love the luxurious feel of the silky, flowing fabric that flatters in all the best ways. however, after washing per instructions, the fabric lost its good qualities and turned into a blah, pilled mess that gathers at the seams (especially the bottom seam). tried dry cleaning another shirt and it came out the same way as washing. looks like a cheap, lackluster layering top now and definitely won't last another season. so disappointed - if you ca
Cute top and flattering to wear. fits nicely and i'd say true to size. can't wait to wear it.
It breaks my heart to say this but i had to return for shape issues. i am not a fan of dolman sleeves (they make me look big and bulky) and i wished i would have known that prior to purchasing. it is unfortunate because it is a really beautiful knit and quality. i could see this working better on someone tall and thin.
At 5'5" (almost), 122lbs., i always wear a size small. however this dress runs large (no, i am not smaller than i was 6 months ago) and it looked like a dumpy sack on me. too bad, i really wanted it to fit! it is a slightly heavier fabric than anticipated, and would be an excellent travel dress. i may try the xs. . .
Well fitting bra, comfortable (not itchy), lace doesn't show through tops.
Purchased in the light grey and was so excited, i wore it the very next day. the back detailing and pocket make it more unique than a regular tee and the fabric is slightly heavy (in a good way) so it hangs beautifully. easily can be dressed up or down. new favorite tee!
Ordered this on a whim while taking advantage of a promotion, and now need one in every color! the weight and cut is perfect for fall/winter/summer - not too heavy, but not sheer/tissue thin; fitted enough to look super cute with leggings or skinny jeans. fabric has a nice quality feel to it - i have similar shirts from the past that have held up well in the wash. i'm anticipating the same with this.
Oh my! i love this tee. it is super soft. i love how it doesn't look like a sack with no shape. i can't wait to get more colors. i am tall plus have a long torso and it still is long enough for me so this is definitely a win!
"I love these joggers. they are stylish, comfortable and high quality. my one complaint is that the sizing appears different for different colors. 

i got them in the green/moss color,. i immediately wore them casually with flats, a t, & a long silver necklace. that night, i literally just changed into a long, flowy silk cami and high suede black shoes with the joggers and wore them out- feeling comfy and pulled together (favorite combination). 

i loved them so much i decided to try the othe"
"I ordered this as it was either in stylist pick or top rated, cant' remember which, but i must say, ti was very nice on. a little loose, but the petite sizes are sold out, so i ordered the xs (petite might have been too short...) the cut is feminine, not figure hugging, but still flattering. i can see wearing this in the fall with boots and a cardigan, not just summer with sandals, so i decided to keep it.

 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist."

Love this shirt. i am 5'8 and have a slender torso and the small fits perfectly. i love that it's long so you can wear it as a single shirt or use it as an extra layer. i also have a grey druzy necklace to dress this puppy up. purchased it in black and this will be a new staple.
This top is much nicer than expected.....the fabric and style are great. i am a size small or medium, and got the small. from the front, it was great. not so much from the back for me. i'm larger on top than bottom and the 5% spandex made it too clingy around the dreaded bra fat area. i don't wear spanx. i wish retailer would be more specific with the fabric content. if i'd known it was 5% spandex, i would have ordered a size medium. i am thinking about doing this because the top is really
This jacket was a gift for my daughter,it fit like a glove and she loved it !
This top is so soft and comfortable. i bought it on sale, so would i have paid $60 for it . . . . not sure. fits true to size, what can i say its a simple top, well made and so soft.
I ordered this and hoped it would be a fun & whimsical sweater for this winter. instead, it's just strange. it didn't fit well. too short in the overall length & in the sleeves. the shades of the yarn were drab. it also didn't seem made to last. it looked like it would pill/snag in a short amount of time. i returned it. i'd love to see a style similar to this executed better in the future. having a unique sleeve is a cute idea.
I love simplicity in clothing and this tee fits the bill! i put it on and instantly feel basic elegance.
I am 5'10", 130 pounds. a medium is a perfect fit for me. i love it! not so sheer that i feel that i need to wear a cami underneath, sleeves are long, and it is so, so, so soft. the scoop neck shows just the right amount without being too revealing. i am buying one in every color.
Fits great! love soft material. love with skinny jeans brown boots
I really like this dress. i'm 5'8" and about 135 so i bought a small. i am small chested, so i plan on wearing a bandeau bra underneath it because the arm holes are a little low. the material is very nice though. perfect for dressing up with cute jewelry!
I bought this dress in a sm for a cruise i'm taking soon. i don't have much of a waist, kind of straight like a board, and this dress is very flattering on my figure. the skirt fits snug and the top drapes nicely over my waist. very pretty and flowy. i bought the multi color stripe dress and the vertical stripes enhance the beauty of the dress.
I was pleasantly surprised when i tried this on. i tried it because of the detail but didn't hold out much hope because it looked frumpy on the hanger. i was very wrong. it fits beautifully. it drapes nicely, hugs the shoulders perfectly and doesn't droop open due to the embellishments. there is a tiny closure where the fabric crosses in the front so you are not exposed. i liked that feature very much. the sleeves are 3/4 on me, but i like it - nice change of pace. this is a very different style
This top feels great on. it just drapes well and isn't clingy. i refused to buy maternity tops, because i wanted to wear the tops after pregnancy. though i bought this top post pregnancy it would have worked great because of the length.
Comfortable casual, hip. i have the black & white color which is a bit thicker than the other colors which i prefer as i recently had a baby and need a little extra fabric. i wish the fabric was a bit softer but the cut is so flattering there was no way i was sending it back. i wish the other colors were in the same thicker fabric and i would have ordered more. my new go to top. the black ribbon on the back is my favorite part.

"This dress is gorgeous in the photograph. and very pretty when it arrived, however, it is very dark in color. you would only notice the blue in bright light or perhaps outside in the sun. the fit was small. i could not get the tie around the waist to look right and feel comfortable, so sadly i had to return it. 

i applaud retailer for the excellent and attractive packaging. that was almost enough to sell the dress. it came in a very nice white box inside a larger box. tissue paper and fol"
This is one of the cutest tops i've ever gotten from retailer. the material is very soft and flowing. it fits true to size and hange beautifully. love it. i should have gotten he turquoise one too!
Love this shirt. it fits great and can be easily layered!
Agree with the other reviewers. this top is excellent. great length, weight & bounce to it, flattering without being clingy. i'm 5'10" with a long torso, so i'm always in the market for tops with longer hemlines and decent material without being too tight or clingy. this one i love! i bought it in black, then went back for the turquoise, then two more... if that doesn't tell you what a great shirt this is, i don't know what will.
Great color, soft fabric, but waaaaay too long. more like a night shirt than a t-shirt.
I was hoping to find a slimming and cozy sweater, unfortunately this one was baggy and material was really bulky. one of those occasions where i would have never purchased this in person but online you can't quite tell the style and fit. i returned this item.
I need one in every color. so super soft.
Very pretty blouse with nice detail. needs to be worn with a camisole however.
Got this shirt on sale and i hope they restock so i can buy more. super comfy and flattering at the same time. i have some extra baby weight and it camouflages that well. i'm normally a 6-8 but i'm an 8-10 right now and the medium was perfect. i'm 5'6" and its plenty long enough to wear with leggings. a great shirt and i'll be sure to watch out for this one to come back. please restock!
Easy to wear.  the fabric is super soft and the shape is very flattering.   i really like the shirt hem at the bottom.
Love these pajama bottoms. they are so comfortable and the print is fun and unique. i highly recommend. they run true to size and have a great length. they look short on the model but mine are perfect.
I almost never take the time to write reviews but this shirt is amazing... it's a super soft, stretchy, substantial fabric that is incredibly flattering. it falls perfectly and is insanely comfortable. i am 5'5" 120 lbs and usually wear an xs or s in retailer tops... i went with the xs and it is a perfect fit. love it so much i bought it in 4 colors... i am now completely broke but these shirts will be in constant rotation.
This is a beautiful top, however, my top did not match the one in the picture, it's so odd, the stripes are completely different, it's ok, because it's very pretty, but i do like the one pictured better. it's too short on me for leggings and boots, but it's great with skinny jeans. very pretty and soft material.
I am so glad i had read the other reviews of this jacket which prompted me to order. great fit and cut with a hint of stretch, nice styling details, great vintage color. i wasn't in love with the price but after receiving the jacket i would gladly pay the price again. will definitely be in my wardrobe rotation for years to come!
"This shirt is amazingly soft and has such a great cut, especially for me being curvy. i love to pair this with cute leggings or tight ankle jeans with my boots. recently wore on a casual date with the hubby and he loved it paired with my dark brown leather jacket and dark jeans. 

only reason i gave it 4 stars was that the shirt tends to stretch out a little at the bottom is seems as you wear it throughout the day - it is still a great shirt and if possible i would buy more. 

need to bring"
"This shirt is pretty but wasn't worth the price in my opinion. the shirt does a pretty decent job of staying closed at least, and the embroidering is pretty, but i could tell the material wouldn't last very long.

also i like my shirts loose fitting, but this one looks more boxy than flowy. i'd probably still buy it if it were cheaper."
This shirt looks and feels fabulous. i got black and white and received a ton of compliments. wore with boots and leggings and fun jewelry.
This is the perfect casual top to wear alone or layered with a cardigan. love it!
I love joggers, best style to come along in awhile. i think these are well made and i like the fabric. i just wish the leg were cut a bit slimmer but that's just a matter of preference. i definitely like them and will keep and wear.
Gorgeous detail on the sleeve. adorable pattern. unfortunately, it is a little too cropped & it's not actually sleeves. it's a cape style. wasn't expecting, but still really cute.
Beautiful colors. lightweight flannel, so a great pair of sleep pants that can be worn year round. i ordered a s, my typical size, which turned out to be quite large on me. hopefully the xs will fit better.
Although i wish this was not so dark blue for summer, it is the most fabulous cut, super sexy with the tie neckline and love the side pockets... and did i mention the fabric is ridiculously soft? i just wish it was more of a blue denim blue but nonetheless, i could not walk away from the store without this. i am 5'9, 142 lbs and medium fit me perfect for length in the leg.
This is soooo much more cropped than it looks in the picture. the fabric is super soft and design is cute. i really wanted to like this, but it just doesn't fit as shown. the back is halfway up by back and i am shortwaisted...
I purchased this item in the gray heather color and loved it so much i wanted to buy every other color. the fabric was cottony and felt very soft and cushy against my skin, and the gray color was from the combination of black and white fibers. i ordered the light gray and the red online and could not wait for them to arrive. but the other colors were not even in the same material, but a very shiny and synthetic feeling fabric, with just a single color weave that did not have the same feel or tex
I've been looking for a staple long-sleeve tee for a while now, and i think i've found it! i bought this tee in my usual retailer size of medium and the fit is perfect. the material is soft, the cut highlights an hourglass figure without clinging in the wrong places. the sleeves are long enough, which can sometimes be a problem for me. the length is perfect to wear with leggings without being too long. i'll be back for more colors!
I gave this 4 stars instead of five because the picture really does give you the impression that this "cardigan" has sleeves but actually it's a cape with a few stitches above the wrist. it's also quite short, i'm only 5 5" and it hits me above my waist. this picture was clearly shot with the front pulled down, i bet if we saw the back it would be high above her waist. also, one of the buttons fell off the first time i wore it. i heard it fall thankfully so it was easy enough to sew back on but
I love this top, it's long enough to to wear with leggings and the ribbon in the back really dresses it up. the only negative is that the material pulls easy and only on the space dye color, not the solids but i still love it! for reference i ordered xs and it fits perfectly i am 5'2 125lbs
I purchased this shell in black. the embellishments and construction of the top are of a good quality, like as shown. i am 5'4", 120# and typically purchase an xs. this ran a bit bigger than i was expecting from the reviews, but i am overall happy with the top. the center slit may be too revealing for those with a smaller bust.
This dress will unfortunately be returned...so cute online and looks like a sack in person.  runs very large, arm holes are very low.  not flattering.
Just received this and absolutely love it! i tried the vienne cardigan in the store and i assumed this one would fit the same (since online exclusive), which it does. this one though has the whimsical left grey sleeve with trees, a fence and sheep on the sleeve - very cute. it's a traditional knit design with a twist of modern design being the cape style. it is a bit cropped but fits well and the hood lays nicely. there were a few too many stray threads when i received that i needed to cut off.
If you have any cleavage this dress will look awful. the ties drop pretty low & look trashy over cleavage. recommend otherwise - good fabric cool look
"What i liked:
1. midweight fabric. it's not lined and when i read polyester in the description, i was worried that it might be thin, but this is a stretchy midweight fabric.
2. pretty pretty print

what i did not like:
1. i don't know what dress the model is wearing, but this was an empire waist dress on me. i'm 5'7"". because it was empire waist, the long hem makes this look like a maternity dress on me.
2. the sleeves are cut oddly. they look too wide for the dress, even on this model.
3"
This shirt is amazing! it's an excellent heavier weight quality t-shirt, but so comfortable. if you are looking for the perfect shirt to pair with your leggings and boots this fall/winter/spring, this is it! i am 5'8" 136 lbs and this perfectly covers my rump and the small fit perfectly. the band around the wrist is a nice touch, making this a higher quality tee. i am buying more colors.
A $200 piece of polyester with no shape and looks good only on the model. avoid ! mine went back the same day it came in the mail...
So soft. this is the best basic tee i've bought in a long time and it fits so nicely on my frame. i'm 5'8" ans 130 lb, medium bust and got an xs.
This is the most perfect tunic out there. it is comfy, flattering and fits perfect. it can be dressed up or dressed down. definitely worth it to buy in every color!
These jammie pants are quite beautiful and comfortable. the material used is great, very light and thin. i found these to run really big though, definitely order a size down!!
These pants are so comfortable and cute!! you can dress them up or down!
I'd been eyeing this dress since it first appeared online, but when i went to order, there was no petite sizing. then when shopping, i noticed the carbon color in the petite section of my local retailer. i grabbed my usual ps, and although it was okay, i decided to try the xs for comparison. the slightly closer fit made all the difference, suggesting that i had a figure underneath, but not tight anywhere. nice weight to the fabric, it drapes beautifully and the lacing detail is very popular now. a
Exactly what i was looking for. cozy, not too warm, fits comfortably and roomy without looking baggy. the print is beautiful. will definitely be buying more sleepwear from retailer!
I agree with other reviews, soft, cozy and love the embroidery and beading. it is a bit wrinkly even after i ironed it but overall happy with this blouse.
I have the blue and holly joggers. i absolutely love the fit,  feel and color of the joggers. the oddity is that the elastic at the waist bunches in the blue pair but not the holly. it drives me crazy. i could only wear the blue for a couple of hours before i had to change into something else (unfortunately the holly joggers were in the wash).  i'm going to take the blue joggers to the seamstress. maybe she can fix them. 65", 135, small was perfect.
I saw this top in the store and wanted to try it on but my 18-month-old son was getting cranky so i had to leave. i kept thinking about it and was planning to go back and get it and then i checked online and it was on sale! i purchased the pink and i'm ordering the blue as well. it's very comfortable and i received several compliments when i wore it. i haven't washed it yet but the fabric seems to be sturdy.
I tend to peruse the sale section when i am avoiding my work (quite often). i came across this top, but had never seen it before it was put on sale. i was intrigued by the sleeves, but concerned that the pattern might be too ornate. i was happily surprised when i tried it on. the fabric was thick, which i find highlights curves and hides rolls. the detail was enough that i could dress it up, but not so much that i felt awkward wearing jeans.

Extremely comfortable t. fits tts. bought in black & teal. can be dressed up with a scarf or worn with just jewelry. fairly lightweight so probably not a good choice for cold winter months. great price too!
I wanted to love it - the color is great, the embroidery pretty, but the stiff scalloped sleeves were just too much. if you have broad shoulders this is not the shirt for you. i think personally it would have been better had the material been softer.
These are long, easily wear with skinny jeans, they do not cling and are not see through! the colors are great!
Love this t-shirt! i live in miami and have a 5 month old so i practically live in shorts and t-shirts, and this shirt fits beautifully and adds a little extra pop to your everyday t. love the material too!
Excellent tunic tee. will be great with leggings or jeans, which is just what i was hoping.
I tried this shirt and really loved the feel, and the scalloped sleeves. i have a couple shirts by this brand that also have beautiful embroidery, and i always find myself drawn to their clothing. the fit wasn't too boxy on me, but i'm between m&l, and sized down, so that might have helped. if i didn't have so much of this color in my wardrobe already i probably would have snatched this up!
So super soft and comfortable - great to throw on to run errands with ease while still looking stylish - the lace up front makes it more special that just a standard tee shirt dress
I love this tee. really comfortable and super cute too!
The fit and feel of this top is lovely. great shirt to layer. fits great, i get compliments every time i wear it.
Beautiful detail, soft drapey fabric. but it pulls funny from where they added stitching at the top of the v. for me it was also a little short but i have a long torso. i'm 5'7" 155lbs and the size medium fit nicely with the exception of the length.
I really love this dress but am deciding whether to keep it because, while it fits well in the skirt and around my torso, it is tight in the arms. i can't really lift my arms above should height. the plus is that it would keep me from bidding too much at my kid's school auction. the negative is that it would be hard to dance in.
Was really looking forward to this sweater, but it's not a cardigan, it's a poncho. i can't decide if it's fun-quirky or just odd. it's gorgeously made, and extremely soft, but i do wish it was actually sleeves. i haven't decided if it's something i will wear or not. my husband referred to it as "batwings." that should have been depicted in one of the photos.
I read the previous comments and was skeptical. i love the dress! it's fitted on the top and flowy on the bottom. i didn't find it too big or maternity on the bottom half. the print is really pretty with flecks of blue that brightened up the dress.
"I purchased my wife this shirt for christmas and she loved it! the quality of the shirt is amazing and now she wants them in every color! even though she says she's kidding, i really know that she isn't.! :#

the information i fill out #below) is about my wife, not me!"
This is such an incredible jacket. total show stopper and well worth the investment.
I tried this on at the store and had to buy this dress. it's adorable on and the fabric is really soft. very flattering too!
Cute top, a little less fitted than i was expecting.
Great dress! i am always looking for knee length dresses that are comfortable and easy to wear. i am really active with my kids and this dress can be worn on a casual day with sandals or dressed up. the fit was flattering for me, although i am not very curvy and could see that it might not flatter all shapes. i am 5'5'' and 120 pounds and the size four fit great.
I love these shirts. ordered in 2 colors and they are great with leggings and skinny jeans and scarves. so comfortable and on me a little long but not too long!! the fabric is fabulous and a great weight. one of my favorites for sure.
After reading the reviews, i decided to order this top. i was so pleased, and when i wore it for the first time, i had someone ask me where i got it. it is perfect with leggings because it is long enough to cover my leggings in the front as well as in the back. i want to order it again in different colors.
I very rarely pay full price for anything, let alone this much for a t-shirt. but i actually paid full price for this in two colors. that's how much i love this shirt. the pink and the turquoise are beautiful, and i'm thinking of asking for the mauve for christmas. i love how heavy the weight is, the length of the torso is long enough, the length of the sleeves is actually long enough. i love the ribbon down the back. it's flattering and comfy and perfect. i'm 5'8", 140lbs, 34b and the small fit
This dress is very clever. fabric is on thicker side so it eliminates any worries about dimples or imperfections. the tie at neck line is effortlessly sexy and not at all trashy as another reviewer felt. you could tie it if you didn't want any cleave, or leave it looser for more casual look. i got the small bc i felt comfortable with a little cling given how forgiving the fabric was. it still showed shape when i walked. i was surprised to like it as much as i did. husband insisted i get it becau

I was excited to receive this top. it looked great online, vibrant colors with the beautiful detail on the sleeves. when i tried it on, the fabric looked and felt cheap. it is not a flowy top. do not recommend it.
This dress is one of the most beautiful dresses i have seen. purchased for my daughter . . . it was as if you made this dress for her. had to return it because the woven fabric was fraying around the back v neckline and zipper. was able to replace it, the replacement looks good -- have a concern about two areas but we will see. just love the lines and fit of this dress! truly hope the fabric holds up.
Like the previous reviewer stated, it's more like a cape. i'd to call it a cape-digan. style: super comfy, loose fit for comfort. fabric: high quality, just right thickness (not too thick, not too thin), snuggly soft, doesn't pill with wear. design: totally retailer cute and quirkiness, top of the back has the same gray as the sleeve for continuity, and the sleeve has sheep and a fence (how cute is that!). this is a very versatile sweater, goes with everything, and so comfortable that i reach for
Currently own this in 5 colors after originally buying one. i'm 5'10" normally wear a medium, bought a small in this. best material and fit overall, perfect length for long torso
I definitely would recommend this top. when i put it on i felt it was true to size, and fit me very well. sometimes my retailer tops tend to be a little roomy, but not in this case. the fit was very nice and its embroidery details make it a special look that i can throw on with my jeans and still look put together. i know this will be a top i wear often.
"This is my first demin jacket ever as all the ones i ever tried were too stiff, and far too boxy and long on me. i need to thank all the reviewers who helped me take the plunge.
.
got the size xs regular which is only slightly snug at bust when buttoned and a tiny bit long in the arm for me (5'2"", currently 33-25-37 with narrow shoulders and torso). very flattering look. if this jacket comes out in a new darker wash version i will definitely also try a petite size s.
.
the one i got in the mail"
I bought this top on sale - very glad i did not pay full price for it! i wash everything before i wear it. when it dried i saw that there was a grease spot on the back and a small hole on one upper arm - i will probably be able to take care of the grease spot, but the hole will be a little trickier, as the material is kind of filmy.
I ordered these joggers in holly size m. for reference, i am 5'5, 138 lbs, i have a small waist with *thicker* thighs and bum. i was worried that these would make all my "flaws" stand out as so many joggers in the past have, but these are not that way at all! they are so comfy and just right! they could easily be dressed up or down. these joggers could quickly replace your everyday jeans or black leggings habit to add a new, more stylish twist!

I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable, the fabric contains acrylic and the knitted fairisle part started pilling within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes, it looks horrible, and the fleece part is looking a little grungy as well. so so disappointed. the top is intentionally oversized and comes down to my crotch, i could have easily sized down.
This skirt is perfect-it can be dressed up or down depending on what you wear with it. it is a thick fabric so it keeps you warm (being a freeze baby i really like that). while the fabric is thick, it is soft, and it is moveable rather than being super stuff. it is not at all itchy. it is a little longer than i would prefer in a pencil skirt but i ended up keeping it anyway. this was somewhat compounded with the fact that i did end up sizing up on this dress. my normal size tending to stay at my
I tried on 4 different dresses and every one of them had a slightly different, awkward hem line. they were asymmetrical but only a tad bit so it just looked crooked. finally found one that wasn't so bad but decided not to purchase because the perfect fit for my arms was too big in the boobs. i am a curvy, athletic build, with broad shoulders and small waist, for your reference.
"Love this top!!
great colors and fits great
reasonably priced"
This sweater is so soft and warm and i love it with the matching leggings. i say it is true to size, however i ordered it a size up so that it covers the bottom/crotch area when i am wearing the leggings. normally wear an xs, ordered a small and it works well. it is very well made. i absolutely love it!
So comfortable and warm! so nice to lounge in a cold day and be cute!
Hangs terribly off the chest. tent-like. looks maternity. no thanks.
Ordered online and love it,exchanging however from s to m 'cos the fit is so perfect and i want to allow for extra room at the festive season:)
I found this top to run very large. i wear a medium in most retailer tops but often a large in other brands, i had to return this for a small. it was worth the effort however, extremely cute top that i can see wearing on its own or under a blazer for a night out.
This dress caught my eye in the store. it's lovely! i don't think i would've ordered it (it's hard to see the charm in the photo), but i tried it on because the colors are so pretty and the fabric has vintage look/feel, and i couldn't pass it up on sale. i usually wear a 6, but i bought an 8 because the saleswoman said the sleeves run small and there isn't any stretch in the fabric. both are true. i tried on both dresses in that size, because of color placement and to check on the sleeve size. b
I saw the two star review and wanted to share my opinion. i saw this item that had been returned to a store and i love it. the fabric is a bit sheer and i think will require a nude tank underneath, but i think it's adorable. don't be scared away by the review below!
"This sweater is actually so cute on, i had no idea, nut decided to try it on, since it was on sale. what a msitake, i had to actually buy it!

the grey part is very soft and warm, the design part is nice and
flattering. nothing wrong with this sweeater!

note: i a,m petite (5 foot 1.5 inches) and decided to buy the regular size for longer length..."
I ordered this top because it was 100 percent cotton and a cute design. when it arrived, i thought it was a cute, different top, uniquely designed. when i tried it on, it looked like a had several extra rolls due to the ruching and was very unflattering. it reminded me of the michelin man wearing extra tires and i am of a thin build so i did not like the perception of rolls throughout the bodice. unfortunately, it did not work for me. i wish retailer would include more cotton tops in their collect
I am returning this dress as it looks pretty matronly once it's on. the top was also very tight in the arms and chest (i am 5'9", 140lbs, and 34d).
Love this sweater. bought this with the matching leggings. couldn't be more comfortable. cozy fabric. cute details. loving them both. please bring more of the same in different colors, patterns.
I like having lightweight summer pajamas, and these are perfect. the print is so much cuter in person and the fabric is wonderfully silky. the pants themselves seemed to run a little bit small. i ordered them in xs and s and ended up keeping the small. overall a great purchase.
So cozy and warm, great for the cold nights!
I ordered this shirt online and just received it in the mail. the floral design is nice, but the mesh fabric in the back is low quality and cheapens the look of the shirt (especially considering the price). most disappointingly, the neck hole is almost as small as the arm holes. with no zipper or button opening i could not fit my head through the opening and, thus, could not even put the shirt on. needless to say, i will be returning it. i ordered the xs, so it is possible that larger sizes do n
I tried these on in the store because the pattern of dots caught my eye and it looked like a nice easy style to wear. the waist hits a bit low. i wasn't crazy about the rayon fabric and would prefer it in cotton. i decided to pass on it for now as i don't really need sleep pants; but i might be tempted if they go on sale.
I love the versatility of this top. i feel like i can wear it with anything to dress it up or down.
I am usually a 32a. i ended up with a 34 b based on sales assoc input and what was available. the 32 gave me back fat ( i do not have back fat) so she said the 34 would be better, it ran small etc. the 34 also fit ( had to be ordered and mailed) but it still gave me "flab" over the back band. comparing it to my other regular bras, i can see that the band has too thin fabric and rolls and has "harder edges" compared to wider , thicker band on my other bras. very pretty but i will be returning. sa
Not my typical sleepwear, but glad that i took a chance, as it is super cozy for lounging. i was worried about covering my bottom (as i purchased the matching leggings), and ordered s based on prior reviews. ended up exchanging for xs as it was too oversized. could have purchased the petite probably as xs is still a bit long (5'2"), though fits like in photos.
I found this blouse to be just a lovely spring and summer top. the netting in back adds interest and the dusky peach floral print is extremely pretty. the tiered layers add a slimming effect and it can be worn casual or for dress. it could even be worn in the fall with the right sweater. i just love it and feel so feminine when i wear it.
I had to write a review on this one because i am obsessed with it, it is the softest and yummiest sweater ever and i plan on wearing it constantly!
This pullover is great for lounging! so warm and cozy!
I love this dress! i would definitely accessorize with a belt. my body type fits best in this style of dress because i don't have a big bust size, if you do i would try it on first. for being shorter, 5'3", i love the length.
Got this in the mail today and while the design is cute, it's not as soft and comfortable as i would like. the front clasp takes a bit of practice to get on and off. the straps are a bit thin and hurts a bit.
This multi-season dress fits beautifully, the colors are vibrant and the skirt has a nice weight, drape and swing to it. the skirt is slightly asymmetrical as some reviewers noted but it's probably not noticeable to anyone but the wearer.
I bought this dress to wear to a wedding and it is a stunner! really one of the most gorgeous dresses i've ever owned. it is very very fancy and really i'd say most appropriate for a black tie event, an evening wedding or a mother of the bride or groom. superb quality... just amazing! i have a few bryon lars dresses and this one seems to run about true to size. the others i own seem to run a little large.
I ordered the purple color and the first time i wore it, i received multiple compliments on it.  i noticed in the prior reviews that it runs big so i ordered an extra small instead of my usual small.  it fits well other than the two buttons at the top of the neck are very small and difficult to button.  i'm tempted to order the red color.
"The dress looks great both in winter and summer, either paired with tights and a light jacket or on its own. it runs true to size--was able to buy it online. the fabric is great for all day wear--doesn't wrinkle too much.

the only con is that the darts over the breasts are a little pointy for my taste, but i still love the dress."
Was not flattering on my body - i have a fuller figure, and this just made me look like i was pregnant.
I got some nice things for christmas but this (along with the matching leggings) was hands down my absolute favorite gift! so stylish, so cozy, the perfect length to cover your bottom, the perfect fit (38dd and ordered an xl), love the pockets, i could go on and on. the perfect set to lounge around the house in. sleeves are a bit long so i had to fold them. when i say it is "the perfect fit" it is oversized (not huge) but it is roomy and that's how i like it as loungewear.
I love this dress, although the darting is terrible. the colors are much richer in person, it's a beautiful dress for events and has a nice weight so it doesn't feel too flimsy (since it is not lined). i really love the length of the sleeves and the swish of the skirt. however, the darting makes your bust have two little triangles- i really wish i could reseam the darting as it's a bit strange looking.
Looks great with skinny jeans, leggings, trouser/ wide leg. good length for a flattering look. longer in front on me than on model.... so soft. doesn't cling. not overwhelming because the sleeves are skinny and drape is narrow.
This dress caught my eye online and i had to have it. when it arrived it was still just as pretty as i remembered. beautiful, vibrant colors and a unique oversized floral on a flirty, swishy fabric. unfortunately the cut was really strange. after reading several reviews i went with an xs, but i'm not sure a s would have solved all the fit problems i was having. while everything from the waist down fit perfectly, the arms were cut too tight, the chest was huge and yet i struggled to zip it up. an
This is a beautiful top. i purchased this in the green/moss color. it's reminds me of a vintage looking blue-green. it fits generously, has more of a swing style to it. i love it! i think it is romantic and feminine. glad i made the purchase. simply beautiful.
Very comfortable and flattering top, but runs a bit large. i am usually a medium and fit comfortably into the small. the blue stripes are not see through, however i saw  the black motif in stores and it's definitely see through.
Very pretty design. hugs the body correctly. it's a little tight in the chest for me - i'm a 34c (large c) and i have some back chub so i'm using this fact to motivate me to get in shape for the spring. keeping the dress and hoping for a better fit in a few months.
What a pleasant surprise! hugs in all the right places and a nice substantial material!
I am 5'8", about 140, athletic build. i purchased this dress for business meetings and such. i was worried the dress was going to be too low cut but i  am small chested so i can wear lower cuts without exploding out of it. luckily this is the case here too! the dress has a professionally sexy look which i love. nice fabric, good quality. happy i bought it!
"I purchased this dress off the reviews.unfortunately i have to return it. i expected it to fit as they said. i am 5'1'- 120 lbs. 35/b-c. i got the s petite. i could not even get this dress on over my chest. the waist was on top of my chest. 
i really was disappointed . the material is so soft, i would have had to purchase a m in a regular to fit me. and it would have looked terrible on me. so, i would say, for a tall thin girl , yes , a short girl a no. and i am very petite."
This dress has become a favorite in my rotation. the cut and print flatter my body and accentuate my waist. the print is subtle enough to pair with bold accessories.
Perfect fit, great material, torn in just the right places. can't wait to see the stevie jeans for the fall esp. in corduroy!
"I am 5'3"" 130lb and i bought this dress in a petite small which fit perfectly. the dress hugs my figure nicely. 
unfortunately, i found that the neckline is cut a bit too low to wear to work, at least for my own comfort level, but i just wear a camisole underneath it for work and without for a date. i was really pleased with the purchase of the dress."
Adorable, well-made skirt! lined and very slimming. i had to size up b/c it runs a bit snug around the waist. however, it's worth it b/c this will match many long and short sleeve tops!
I really wanted this shirt to work -- the fabric is really cool -- but sadly the cut was just way off. i'm 5'10", and the shirt was much shorter on me than on the model, and the cut was just too wide under the armpits.
Loved the fit of these jeans and the fading but the ripping was too much for me at my age. i normally wear petite but since these are mid rise ankle just ordered in 27 regular. so the ripping was right at my knee and did not like that.
Love the asymmetrical hem. waist fit snugly as in perfectly. it ties in two spots with a hidden zipper as well. a little stiff in the fabric. classic colors but decided not to keep only because i didn't feel like we could wear it all year round.  can't petite or 0p was great (115 lbs)
I ordered my usual xs petite, and it fit like a glove (115lbs, 5'1.5"). the v cut a little low, making this dress almost too sexy for work. cut is extremely flattering, and the coloring being so neutral is a step away from basic lbd. the length was pefect. material is stretchy, amking this slim fit comfortable.
This dress is very pretty in person. it fits true to size and is very figure flattering. one other reviewer mentioned it is a bit low cut, but i think that can be resolved by wearing a cami underneath to cover cleavage. my only gripe with this dress is that it's a little rough and stiff feeling. i am really sensitive to that and only buy things that are velvety soft. it probably works for most people but not for me, so had to go back.
Great pants! i love the style and fit! would highly recommend!
I love this top! yes, it is quite transparent, but just needs a light colored cami (i like the reversible scoop and v-neck tanks at retailer)! it's incredibly soft and light for summer time. the black motif is more like a slate gray contemporary pattern. i also really like the sewn in v-neck line. it gives the shirt a more professional touch. i'll be wearing it for work with a dark blue blazer.
I'm so sick of all workout tops being baggy. they look sloppy on my frame. this top is ultra soft and fits great! the black/white one looks more heathered grey in person. i ordered an xs as all tops lately are just huge on me. i should be a small and i will be returning for that proper size.
Dress caught my eye on the rack so i thought i'd try it on. the dress has lovely blue stripes (hard to discern in the online photo) which makes it a great year-round piece. however, like others have commented, it is too low to wear to work. will consider alternations to close the v-neck if the dress is marked down beyond its current sale price.
This is a great sweater/poncho. is a little short so i wear a t shirt underneath. great color and looks good with black pants or skinny jeans.
I love this dress! it fits me so well and is extremely comfortable. i can't wait until it gets a little warmer so i can wear it with a trench and cute flats or heeled sandals.
I am 34dd. bought sz med and have plenty of room up top. the black motif is really a dark, purple/blue. slightly sheer. the length on the med is 251/4 from bottom of collar (the collar adds 1 1/4") the length does not cover my bum like the model , covers 2/3rds, nor does it appear as long in front.
Surprisingly versatile and figure flattering without being too clingy and revealing like so many "bandage" dresses. the navy color softens the stripes. great piece for travel as it is light and does not wrinkle. i am 5'7" and 125 lbs. with a smaller chest and curvy hips. the small fits perfectly.
"First, i absolutely love cloth & stone. but lately i'm finding some of the styles are going in a direction that just doesn't fit my style. that's ok because they still have some good basics. 


what i mean is the cut. a lot of their pieces are super long in the back and super short in the front (ie their slip dress they have out right now). this particular tank is like that, although this one is borderline. the sides cut up a little too high for my tastes and i can't help but think i'm wearin"
The top fits nice, but after one wear (didn't even washed it) the fabric was all fuzzy. would not recommend it.

Beautiful fit and true to size. highly recommend. they are long and you will need to have them hemmed but they are soft and feel amazing on.
Tried the xs on in store from an online return, loved the tailoring but the shoulder seams were a bit tight and i'm usually a s in most tops. ordered the s and while it was flowy like some mentioned, it was still tailored on top & flattering. also versatile - wore it with wide leg denim & wedges as well as cut off shorts & boots. my only complaint is as the others mentioned, the almost immediate pilling even before the wash. sad about it because i love it. will keep and give a little extra tlc.
Okay, i love the blouse this brand has in the same material, so i thought i'd delight in this dress. i am a 5'7" hourglass but have a longer torso. i ordered the large in this, usually a 10 or 12 fits me.. but the waist hit much higher than my natural waist, and yet it was somewhat tight and completely rigid. the bust area was a little loose, and i'm a 36c. then the bottom flared out in sort of a flower fairy poof above my knees which reminded me of a navy blue oompa loompa dress.. and i love my
Love this skirt, beautiful fabric and lined. looks great with a tailored jean jacket by pilcro or the window pain patterned retailer cartonnier jacket. i chose the size 8 though a little snug in the waist it fit better than the size 10. i am 150 lbs and 5'4 inches and curvy with small waist but curvy hips with a tush so this cut is perfect for my shape. i love the asymmetrical design with how the skirt will partial zip and the fabric attachment underneath with hidden button. love the edgy look. so
I am usually drawn to more color but the vertical and horizontal lines of this dress made me curious. the fit is absolutely incredible! i like the fact that it is very easy to put on without any zippers or buttons as well. it hugs your body in all the right places. i had no issue with the dress riding up and the way the designer placed the lines makes this one even more flattering. gorgeous dress!!
I love the fabric of this dress and the way it fits, but it is too low for me i thought about putting a cami under it, but that would ruin the look of the dress. just an inch or so higher would have been much better. as much as i like the design and fit, i will be returning this dress.
This dress seems quite high quality and is wonderfully designed, except in the chest. the wrap style hugs in all the right places but the chest. i'm slightly large chested (34c/d) but can usually wear a size small or size 4 in dresses and tops (5'5", 122 lbs). the small in this dress was great everywhere else, but i couldn't breathe and it totally flattened out my chest. also, it is quite low cut, so another mark against it for anyone with a semi-large bust. couldn't wear it to work that reason
I love this top!!!! the design, quality, and look are all insanely gorgeous. i got this top during the 20% off tops promo, which helped so much with the cost, and i was trying to use up a store credit i had on something of high quality. (after going through a whirlwind of exchanges that resulted in much disappointment.) i couldn't be more thrilled with this choice! it is so flattering on, beautiful color and cut. the only complaint i have is slightly minor, and it's in relation to the hidden bac
I agree with the other reviewer who said there was too much hardware and such. this really does have a lot going on. i usually wear a 4 in skirts, and based on reviews, went up one size. it still saw way up near my chest - i think even an 8 would be too small! it's sooooo tiny at the waist. probably buy 2 sizes, 2 and 3 sizes up from your own. also, the skirt flares super wide at the sides, it doesn't sit the way in the photo or maybe the model is holding it down with her hand. it's like a skirt

I bought the color "black motif"although the markings look more dark purple and are similar to tie dyed coloring which is one of the things i love about this top. the fabric is so soft and i love the way the neckline falls. it is slightly sheer so may want to wear camisole underneath. personally i'm fine without it. looks great with jeans. i also tried it on in the "blue motif" which is the stripe version but found nothing special about that one.
I tried this on in the store as soon as i saw it because of it's ease, modern look, and my obsession with stripes and wrap skirts. i am between an 8 and 10 in retailer most of the time (although sizing has been quite erratic in the last couple of years), but picked up a 10 to ensure an easy fit. was so surprised to find you have to not only buckle (cute detail) but button and zip this "easy" skirt, and with all that there were also straps that buttoned that i believe are there to keep it from flyi
If you have an hourglass figure this dress accentuates your curves. i do need to wear a tank underneath as dress is low cut.
I liked the understated colors of this dress, so i decided to try it on. i did not expect it to fit so well! i'm 5'3" with a large bust and large hips. the dress was super slimming and flattering, it skimmed my figure as if it was made for me. the only thing i'd have to fix is the shoulder straps being just a smidge too long, but i'm used to that with my height. the straps are positioned perfectly, my bra straps didn't even show. the material is very thin and light.
First off, i love the dress! i love anything that you can throw on for a monday and be ready in 20 minutes. the material is good but the compartments for the bust do not hold a d+cup. i ordered the 6 and it fit perfectly except in the bust. easy fix, a white cami, the sale price makes that necessity acceptable. it's a keeper.
Love these! i'm a big fan of ag stevie jeans and these are no exception. the mid rise is terrific and the distressing is cute without being crazy. i like how the holes are not at the knees, which can be annoying when bending your legs. i would love to see these offered in a darker rinse and also in a cropped length. fit is perfect on these - fun and flattering! keep the stevies coming retailer!
I fell in love with this vest  the minute i saw it on the hanger.  it runs true to size and the material is excellent quality .  it looks great with jeans and a tee and also something dressier. i wore it over a navy blue wide-leg jumpsuit, and it looked truly amazing!  i  received so many compliments!  i also purchased the lace tie up top that it is featured with and can't wait for that to come in.
Color is beautiful but looks like a maternity top on. i found i could tuck it in slacks and it looked fine. now for the cons:  it is supposed to be peacock design but i had only one peacock,under my arm, which could be seen, i guess, if i waved. the rest were parts of the bird. i would love to have the one in the photos!  next, who thought cheap white buttons on the back was a good idea?  if i had gotten a nice patterned top, i would have replaced the buttons. blouses that i like never seem to b
"This is a beautiful color top! it can be dressy or casual but the design is spectacular!
i paired it with one of the new retailer pencil skirts and everyone in the store looked it!
i wish they had other colors!!!!!!"
Love this vest- it's so chic and pairs with so much.  i have it in the army green and it's prefect to wear over a romper or white jeans and top.   it's great.   i am about 5'2" and an typically a small top-  the small was much to big but the xs was perfect. i would consider trying to size down if you are uncertain. i am very happy with my purchase!
Perfect summer pants until i wanted to pet my dog and they ripped first time wearing them.
These pants fit great!! i ordered my normal medium and they fit perfectly. i was worried that they may look too much like pajamas and lot look right with my stomach but no issues there. i think i will get a lot of use out of these!
I saw this in my local retailer styled with a tank top underneath and i fell in love and bought the combo right away. it is a vest, so it's not meant to be fitted, so i think sizing down is fine. i'm usually an xs/s in tops, i went with the xs in this, and j still get that relaxed look which is nice. this vest is great, very versatile, simple yet adds great style. it was a bit of a splurge for me but i'm happy i added it to my closet!
I love this vest, bought it in green and want to order white. its very flattering, and i wore it with a black tank top, ripped faded stevie cropped jeans, and gold gladiators. i would like to mention the care. i dripped something on the lapel, so i tried cleaning it off with a wet towel. it made a lighter mark, so i washed as recommended in cold water on gentle in the machine. i hung it to dry, and it dried stiff and a little wrinkled so i threw it in the dryer to soften it up. it lightened up a
I tried this on in my usual size and it was tight through the chest because of the lining. i would have preferred to wear a cami beneath and then it may have worked. the color and pattern are gorgeous, the fabric feels a bit weird, kind of dry and rough? would have liked to see this in a longer length, and more tapered. it is an absolute pregnant top. so sad its so pretty!
Wore it to an interview. the color is fantastic. it's beautiful and artsy. highly recommend!
I fell in love with this in the store. i am petite at 5'3" and 110 lbs and i went with the regular size 0. i agree with another reviewer that the petite sizing would have been too short. the color is rich, the quality is fabulous and i love the style. it is not fitted, but i also found that it wasn't too wide either. if you're looking for a fitted top, this wouldn't be the one. but if you love a well-styled top with a bit of volume that you can rock with a pair of skinnies to balance it out, the
"I ordered both colors in size xl and they're each now favorite purchases. the fit is true to size--it matches the photos. the orange/white/brown/red combo works great with the orange version of the indra tassel necklace.

the tops are sheer so i wear a tank underneath. the green floral version will have some variations because of pattern placement. both are so unique & charming! i've been pairing them with different retailer cardigans & necklaces. they've washed well too--in a mesh bag on gentle &"
Love everything about it but had to get a size bigger to be long an off/ to short for a mom. if i was 20 would be fine.
I am 5'2" and 115lbs......ordered the blue motif in small petite. they were not only too big overall but were way too long. i had to roll them up several times to get the right length. because of fabric design these would definitely have to be hemmed. i had to check tag because i thought for sure i got sent a regular length but they were petite. not sure if they are worth trying in a smaller size..... pants were really comfy but maybe too pajama like for my taste.
But the back of it, by the waist, bunches just a tiny bit. if i get bigger, it will be too long. but i love the skirt, it is flattering and cute. not itchy for me even if the title says wool. i ordered the 00p and the length is pretty much as pictured, just below the knee in front. the waist is snug, bigger it would fall more on my hips (hence the too long comment earlier. (115 lbs, 26-27 in waist, short legs...)
"I saw a stylist wearing a similar piece from a few seasons ago and commented that i liked it on her. i was told they had a different version (a few actually) and i decided to try it on. it actually is pretty flattering, i had flared jeans on but also could see it with a dress. i left it open, as pictured, tied one button, and also played with the neck and tried a cowl... all very nice.

i debated getting my usual xs petite, but hey, they don't make it in petite, and the stylist thought the loo"
These are a great casual workday pant. the loose fit and light weight material makes it a great summer option.
I went out on a limb ordering this romper. it's not really in my "wheelhouse" the whole romper thing. but it was a home run! i was afraid it might look too young and that i couldn't "pull it off," but the long sleeves and overall style was perfect. and my twenty something nieces were obsessed with it as well. as far as fit, i'm 5'7" 134lbs and ordered a size 4. i have a long torso and was concerned because some people said it ran short there, but i didn't have any trouble with that. i just took
I saw both of these blouses several months earlier and anxiously waited for them to go on sale. definitely worth the wait. the quality and designs are superb true to size
I have the white lemon lace shirt and love it so i was excited to see it in a color well suited for fall. the peacock pattern on the blouse i received is perfect and the pattern is well placed. i do love this one as much as the lemon blouse, however, the color is not the same as it appears online. it is more of a jade green color, and although it's pretty, i would have preferred it to look more of a blue color. i'm keeping it, as it is still an unusual and elegant blouse that's cute with dark sk
I love this so so much. i'm 5'1" with a short torso and post baby 34d boobs. the 6 petite is perfect. it's the first romper i found that fits me in the crotch, height, and leg area. so excited to wear this!
The colors in the green shirt are beautiful, however the cut looked like a maternity top on me. i'm 5'6" 120#, not very busty. must try it on to match the right body type; i'm thinking very tall, wispy , less curves...
"I ordered these in the neutral and the fabric and construction are everything i hoped they would be. they are a lovely light weight rayon that i think will be very comfortable in hot weather. the printed fabric is really pretty.

sadly, they seem to run on the large size. i wear size 14 pants, but the xl was too baggy in the legs and a little too large in the waist. i am sending them back and getting the smaller size."
I don't if it is me, but usually i am a solid size 6, occasionally an 8.  i had to size up to a 10! the wool is very light, and while it is a weird texture, it isn't scratchy. i liked how the skirt was styled at the store...looks better than it does in the photos online.
I bought this in green and i absolutely love it! the quality of material is very fantastic, a durable fabric that will hold up well over time. its a good quality too, so can be dressed up somewhat, and also does well as a very casual piece. love it!
Another success! so comfortable and stylish for spring and summer. very lightweight yet not sheer. design is even more appealing in person. a must have for your closet.
Love this blouse! the color is really unique and love the back button detail. i dont think the white buttons look cheap at all as another person pointed out - they add a lot to an already beautiful top. can't wait to wear it!
Love!!!! i got the green and it goes with so much!
The blouse is lovely - i loved the lace, color (though just as other reviewers mentioned its a darker blue closer to a teal color) and edging. i am very petite, for reference, 5'2", 24 waist and 30e and normally wear a 00 or 00p. the 00 was still too wide for me around the waist/bottom and had too much of a swingy effect - it made me look like i was pregnant so i sadly returned. i wish this had more of a fitted look to it.
Love these pants. bought both the navy and the white. they are comfortable and a perfect fit. the xs is just right. i'm normally a 26 in denim and i was fearful these would either be to small in an xs or too big in a small but the smaller size is just right. soft and silky. they fall in a lovely way.
I bought these in the blue. i sized down, as other reviewers mentioned, going for an xs. i'm 5'5" and about 130lbs and would usually buy a small. at 5'5" the length was too long for me, hitting me below my ankles, rather than how shown on the model. strike 1. then, i felt the material was pretty thin - strike 2. and lastly, they hung a little funny on me, rather than being a bit loose like jogging pants should be - strike 3. despite the great sale price, these went back!
This is a gorgeous high quality blouse. the color is stunning in person; i don't have anything like this color in my wardrobe. i'm an xl in retailer tops, and purchased this blouse in a 16. i am busty but the top still fit well. i have large upper arms but the sleeves fit fine; i wish they were a bit looser but that is my personal preference and probably doesn't apply to most people. if you're very thin and not busty you might be able to size down, but i'm honestly just not sure. i'm happy to say

Hi, i bought these in both colors. the material is very nice. for me the only part of the pants that stretched was the waistband. sadly i had to return them.
"Purchased these in both colors today. (great sale price.)
hei hei is my favorite brand of pants, especially their pull on prints.
i am always a medium, these ran slightly large in the waist and stomach. i tried on a few mediums and luckily found the smallest in each.
the beige motif is beautiful and can really be dressed up. the material is soft the color scheme is gorgeous. they have a lovely silky feel to them. i always wear an over top so the little bit largeness won't bother me. being on"
This is my second pair of joggers from retailer and since this purchase, i have bought another pair. it seems that they are just a great fit for my body, long and lean, but not extreme. someone said they run large, but my experience is true to size. these pants can be very casual around the house, out for errands or dressed up and worn for casual evenings out. i love that the elastic waist isn't bunchee. they hang very straight and pretty, just like in this picture. the fabric has some text
I love the shirt and it runs true to size everywhere but the arm holes. i bought a size small and the length was great, the fit was great, but the arm holes were gappy and big. i had to return it and was bummed because i loved it otherwise.
Got these in 28 and they fit like a dream.  the best medium wash, so versatile for all seasons.   i love the rise because it sucks in my pooch.  sometimes i wear 29 or 28 in paige.  i have a wide waist, slim hips, flat bum--these jeans help me look shapelier.
Love love love these pants!!! super comfortable and fit true to size.
I love love this top and bought it in both colors. it runs a tad big but fits me well. both l and xl fit me well, but the xl was longer so i have one in each size. i really like this top. it looks good, goes well with most pants especially blue, and is very comfortable. i am very happy with my purchase.
I bought both colors based on the reviews and really like the prints. however, they are too sheer. i don't want to wear a tank top, but you have to with these tops since they are so sheer. i can also see the fabric tearing easily, it is too delicate. i sent both colors back. what a waste because the prints and colors are good. these tops are also not for busty ladies. i have a big bust, and the top part didn't cover my entire bust and was awkward because the division between the fabrics would st
I always love the arielle jeans. every color seems to be slightly different in the fit, but they are always slim enough in the leg and thigh to be stylish without being too restricting. to echo the other reviews, the pockets are a little low on these compared to other arielle cut jeans that i already own. i have a fairly straight, athletic shaped body and went with my 'larger' size to wear them as more of a boyfriend fit. the fabric is a very soft and forgiving denim and the dark color can be dr
Bought these today at the denver store (nice peeps at cc!). anyway, i feel in love. the style is simple, free and easy for summer and the neutral color is lovely in person. so glad i bought these...now i have something to wear to work tomorrow :)!
Wore this romper 1x and after washing, the hem on one of the shorts/legs completely unraveled. if i want to ever wear it again, i will have to bring it to a tailor to get fixed. unacceptable for a $200 product. cute design and good fit but questionable quality.
The fabric is too sheer, also looks like sleepwear. just not my thing.
Maybe it's just that it's a bath robe, but i'm not crazy about how this falls. it is very soft, cozy, and cute, though.
This dress is really fun and easy to wear all winter. the colors are really easy to pair and like the last reviewer mentioned, i love the sheer sleeves. i was very worried about the comfort of the fabric because most sweater dresses always fail. this dress is extremely comfortable to wear. it is not scratchy at all. it is soft and comfortable for winter even indoors with the building's heat blasting away. the dress will fit the size you normally wear, however it may show lumps and bumps. i would
I'm a 32dd, so i wouldn't normally wear a bralette out of the house (not enough support). this bralette is actually very supportive and comfortable. i'm probably going to get at least one more. for reference, i'm a 32dd (small back, big boobs) and a small fit me extremely well.
When this piece arrived, i was surprised at how weightless it was. there are 2 layers to it, an underlayer and then a very fine silk toplayer together, the ensemble is incredibly light and it is almost as though i feel like i am not wearing anything at all. to take it home, i did have to kind of stuff it in my bag, and this caused some considerable wrinkles which are very difficult to get out (super stubborn( but i am pleased with the look of the garment. usually, i like the look of a dress that
This sweater dress is beautifully unique in that it has lovely sheer sleeves to dress it up, but it's made of a soft sweater material that feels comfortable, warm and wintry at the same time. it does run true to size, i ordered a small (5'5" and 118 lbs). knitted and knotted has come up with some killer sweater dresses this season!!!
"I have to say being a silk lover, decision was hard to make. the quality is phenomenal. i do agree to a reviewer that said it's pj like. i tried it with belt, didn't help much with the look somehow. it just felt empty. my daughter who i usually turn for opinions said ""ewww, grandma""... i know, truth hurts.

i can't exchange for a smaller size either because the fabric is not stretchy and i'm afraid the extra small would confine my arm movement. on top of that, the background is more peachy tha"
This ia very pretty dress. however, it is a unique design. i like the design of the dress, but i can see where some may not. i can't see a younger person wearing this. it is more for an older woman. the dress is so soft, does wrinkle easily, but just a beautiful pattern and comfortable. i can see some of my friends thinking this is too much like a nightgown, but i really love this dress!
This dress arrived today in such a crumpled and wrinkled state that i was reluctant to even try it on. it is on the large size, but fine if you are looking for a very flowing look. longer at the front than shown in the photograph and i am 5'9". i am sending it back. it is a pretty fabric, although shinier than expected. i am just not prepared to spend so much time pressing and steam ironing this item every time i want to wear it.
I do think this blazer is comfortable and looks decently cute, but wasn't sure about the fabric. hte coloring is fun too. i decided to pass on it only because of the previous review regarding shedding.
The fabric clung to my body i expected it to flow and be breezy, it was too flimsy, the arms were too wide and overall for $100 this dress didn't cut the mustard. i'm 5'7" 135 the dress was long enough, just didn't flow very well.
This robe is warm, soft and i like how long it is! it's perfect length. my favorite thing to wear around the house!
This jacket isn't as structures as i thought but it is very comfortable. runs true to size and feels nice. i am looking forward to wearing this in the fall

This is such a soft, comfortable and well fitting blazer. i love the structured cut of a material that is usually used in more casual designs. i look forward to wearing it very often in the fall. so glad i purchased this one!
First of all, this skirt is as cute on as it is in the picture. very flattering. i am a curvy gal on the bottom and this is flattering. that being said, it runs small. i purchased a large which is my usual size, and i need another inch or two all over to make it work. part of the problem is the material. it is a very heavy, durable upholstery like material. there is absolutely no give to this. it is a very stiff material as well -- more what i would expect on a sofa than on my skirt. the skirt c
I absolutely love this jacket! i bought it and wore it to work to next day, and received tons of compliments! it is easy to move in as i have ark that required stretching and bending alot. i am 5 5 119 pounds and xs fit a well.
Cute, cool dress for hot summer days. very roomy. has pockets!
I bought this for the office and received many compliments about it. it puts the outfit together just right and the material is very comfortable. it fits my need for comfortable clothing that still looks good enough for a business setting. this jacket is more comfortable (almost slouchy) than it is structured.
"A wardrobe addition to dress up, or dress down.
the sheer sleeves are a nice detail...

(i'm 5'6"", and the length hits me at the knee.)"
I have not had any sort of shedding problem with this jacket. i have worn it open with black jeans and a long necklace, and buttoned with a scarf and jeans. it is really cute! i am 5'4" and 115 lbs, and i got the small. i wouldn't hesitate, especially since it is now on sale.
I wore this dress for christmas and agree that it is beautiful (i received many compliments), while i agree that this sweater dress is beautiful, i'm a little worried about the quality. after just a day of wearing it, it seemed to have lost it's shape. the bottom hem of the dress looked stretched out and it sagged slightly all over. i'm 5'7", 135lbs and my typical size is a m/4 and the dress fit perfectly initially, but not so much by christmas dinner. i'm not giving up on it because i was still
I'm 5'10" and felt that it was just too short. otherwise - love it!
This is pretty and provides coverage with a bit of support for wearing around the house. i'm a 34b so i ordered the small- it still had room in it so i tightened the straps and used the tightest hooks on the back, and that makes it fit ok. i bought it just to wear at home since i was not expecting a great deal of support or shaping, and while it feels ok it is not super-comfy- it's a bit scratchy around the edges. i was going to buy another color if i loved this, but as it is i will keep the one
I'm not in love with this, but the husband thinks it looks cute and the sale price isn't bad so i'm keeping it. i got it in s, and am usually an xs or s in retailer tops (34b, 26 inch waist, 120lbs). if i had gone with xs it probably would've been too tight in the shoulders. however i could be 6 months pregnant and you wouldn't know it. it is very boxy in the torso, and i realize the design is for it to be flowy, as the back is partially split. but it looks relatively fitted on the model, which is
This dress is absolutely beautiful! the grey is more vibrant in real life than the picture suggests and the maroon red is perfect for fall and winter. seriously, this is not your typical sweater dress; the sheer sleeves elevate it to a whole other level. it comes to just above the knee on my 5'7" frame. it is a bit looser on top (i'm 32c) and more form-fitting around the hips but not tight or clingy. and so comfortable! i am 122 lbs and took my usual small so i think it runs true to size. the sl
Love the lines of this tweed look jacket. pockets are a definite plus, as is the soft pleat in the back. this is a good piece to transition from winter to spring. it updates your jeans and soft t-shirt look.
The "peachy" color read as pretty gold on me, which i think was good for my pale skin and sandy hair. the lavender accent color is also very nice. forgiving fit, elegant fabric, pretty print, respectable hemline, super flattering neckline, love the pockets... all in all, i think this dress is a nice choice for day events.
This dress is even better in person. the base color of the fabric is a very light peach, and very lovely. as you can see from the photos, the green floral pattern running up the front of the dress varies slightly from dress to dress, but i found the front on mine was very similar to the 1st photo. the bright green flowers are a light mint green, which plays beautifully with the light peach. there are more details in the print to discover in person, which is a nice bonus. the silk is not stiff li
I really wanted to love this blazer...i've even tried it on several times hoping it would look better the next time around. (spoiler: it didn't :( ). overall, it makes me look pretty frumpy and not put together. i really love saturday/sunday brand and was hoping for a nice comfy blazer to wear to work. will be returning instead.
"Nice quality, soft fabric, sleeves definitely make a unique statement. the fit worked for me, although it could have more room in hips (for my hourglass figure). got m, size l was way too big. i am 34d, but the dress can definitely accomodate bigger chest. the color are my favorites in this season.
wear it to stand out!"
It really is a beautiful sweater.  the material is super soft and feels luxurious.  unfortunately, it just looked too bulky on me and accentuated my width.  maybe if i were taller, i could pull it off.
This one pulled across my shoulders and neck in a creepy way. did not like the way that it fit. returned
I love this piece, it fits well and is comfortable. you can dress it up or be more casual. i have received many compliments already and it goes with many of my outfits.
I wore this dress to nyc on a date. it was perfect...light, flowy, and lovely. the peach and green combination is really pretty, and i love the hemline, which is longer in the back than in the front. i can only say one thing: as i was walking down the street with my boyfriend, a total stranger (and not a crazy person) came up to us and told us we looked beautiful. enough said.
I waited patiently for this dress to arrive in my local retailer store and loved the design immediately (the green motif). as others noted, it is on the flowly side. for this reason, i went with a size s. i wore it on easter and can't wait to wear it again. i did not have any issues with wrinkling or putting on the dress. it is a simple over the head, no fuss kind of dress. you get to be supremely comfortable and look like a goddess. this is one of those retailer pieces that you will have for years

"I want to say that i love this fabric design, combining some of my favorite colors -- greens and neutrals. however, this just didn't work for me:
_______
pros:
- it does have a nice flow as others stated.
- pockets are a surprise touch for a silk dress.
- the slip inside is detachable.
_______
cons:
- as another stated, lots of wrinkles. it's the nature of silk unfortunately, which means more work for me. 
- length is too short in front for my personal liking. trend of these high-low he"

I wanted to buy my usual mp but was sold out and so was normal m. i got the regular l and it fits like a shift dress and does not enhance my curves. it looks like a luxurious knitted sack but i mean that in a good way. it is very comfortable, does not cling, and reaches just below my knees. i do worry about the stretch factor as other reviewers have noted but since i just received it we will see. i do not like the sheer sleeves. i wish i could take them off. i do not like the button loop at the
Great casual jacket! it's a nice spring weight, can be worn in different ways by turning the cuffs, folding the collar, wrapping or unwrapping, etc. i love the way they styled it in the model shots. i am going to have to disagree with the other reviewers about this being tts. i have to say the medium was so oversized, it looked like i was wearing a fabric box. i have a broad back and 36ddd bust and am comfortably wearing the size xs.
I was expecting not to fit into this because i'm womanly, and generally wear a size 16 in things. but the picture was so gorgeous i had to try. i'm so happy i did. it slipped right on and is flowy yet not overly so. it still has shape. the colors are exactly as it is portrayed on the site. i love having this in my closet!
Super comfy and longer than last year's version minus the hood. love it!
I wear med or large in most items. the medium was huge. fit like a moo moo. size down by at least two.
Only the xxs was left, so i was a little concerned that it might be too small. not the case at all thanks to the very functional adjustable straps & high quality of craftsmanship & design. for reference, i'm 32c, 5'2 110-115lbs - kind off petite w/an athletic build. the black is lovely classic. the color, along with the beautiful design give this a timeless classic french look. very comfortable, too. love so much i, ordering more!
This dress is a work of art both online and in person. the color is more vibrant in person and both colors are beautiful. i like the mango color better because it looks better on my olive skin tone, plus i like the purple flowers against the orange background. thank goodness for the liner because this dress is very thin. it wrinkles easily but i think it comes with the territory due to the thin silk fabric. for short gals like me, a belt is a must for a structured look if worn with heels; otherw
I ordered size small. i am 5' 6", 32 b. the fabric is super soft and the fit is great. there's an adorable little quote on the pantie's lining, and the bra has a beautiful print on its inner lining. the feel of the lace and fabric is divine. love it! one more thing to note...there is very little lining in the bra; really nothing more than an extra layer of fabric. it is enough to protect modesty, but not much else.
Very nicely made with attention to detail. thick and comfy. hand washing recommended. that's the only negative.
I wanted to fall in love with this jacket! i'm an xs or s in retailer brands so i ordered this online in both sizes. when i received it i felt the fabric and immediately loved the color and texture. creamy white (not too stark) and so incredibly soft! the length was the same as on the model which is what i wanted because being 5'2 113# many jackets swallow me. i have narrow shoulders and unfortunately this jacket was too broad and puffy for my frame, and i looked like a marshmallow. the xs was the
"Got these shorts in both colors: the blue-gray and the red-pink. super lightweight in hot humd weather, and keeps a crisp shape (doesn't get wrinkly and saggy like other linen shorts do). really nice quality interior finish and both front and back pockets are a usable depth.
.
if you're between sizes go for the smaller as they do stretch a bit over the day. i got these in a size 2 and they get a little loose on my 33""-25""-37ish"" frame. i'm 5'2"" and the petite was sold out, so i don't know if t"
Beautiful shorts, good length but if you have lots of lower body curves- probably not for you!
This jacket looked adorable on. it was also quite comfortable. however, it sheds and left fuzz on every dark surface it touched. sadly, this is a deal breaker for me.
I really wanted to keep this dress, and the material is amazing, so soft and gentle and delicate, the design is great, the front looks nice, but from back looks really awkward, big and kind of too loose!
Beautiful jacket and i got lots of compliments. true to size. it's not thick but it's very warm.
I really liked this tank. i purchased it in the green. i went with my regular size 2. yes it's boxy but it's a nice tank that will get lots of use this summer. i'm planning on using it on our vacation to the beach . it is thin and soft.
I absolutely love this top. it has a very classy look and can be used casual or dressy. i get lots of compliments.
I bought this dress in red for a wedding. i love the laser-cut design and the fit overall is good except, as another reviewer wrote, the psuedo-empire waste is likely not awesome for anyone with an average to longer torso. i have a super long torso and the dress still works, but a lower waist would have taken it from good to "wow". love the innovative take on a classic silhouette/design, though (and the red is gorgeous).
Light and flows so nicely. a great length--not to short or long. great with shorts. material is lovely.
I was looking for a really warm, but stylish coat that i could wear when the weather is frigid as it sometimes gets here in the dc area. i tried on a size small, which is my usual coat size. while the coat fit, it was not flattering. for reference i am 5'9" 128 pounds and usually wear a small/xsmall in retailer tops. in this coat i looked like a linebacker with pads on. the front material is doubled, which makes you look like you have a large protruding stomach. the shoulders are bulky and
This top is so cute! love the stripes in the red print and the detailing of the buttons. however, it does run slightly big! i'm 5'8", 145 and got the medium. it's so low in the front that i do have to wear a cami underneath. i see why they designed it a little larger since it comes up on the sides and it's supposed to be more of a relaxed fit. i typically love when shirts are long since i'm a little taller and this one hits perfectly in the front. it does dip down in the back and covers my bum (
This dress is definitely light weight and it requires a slip or you could wear a black tank and tights with boots. there wasn't a security tag in mine so no holes when i bought in store. i even accidentally caught it on a costume bracelet and it did not rip or damage. although, you probably wouldn't want to sit on concrete or rub against something rough. i would recommend this dress- its gorgeous on. for the price, i think it should come with a slip. fyi, the back half of the waist has elastic,
This is a beautiful coat nicely constructed and very warm. it was just too bulky for me and i looked 10 lbs heavier in it. i am 5'7" and 140 lbs. maybe it would be better suited to a more slender frame.
Loved the idea of this - unfortunately, it disappointed all around. it's way too short and ran small. the fuzzy collar was also different than pictured in the stock photo and looked a bit tacky and cheap. the pricepoint is also way off the mark for this piece. usually an retailer small (5"7" 140 lbs 32dd) but ordered a medium (small would not have fit in this piece). do not recommend.
"I wanted to wait until i could give this dress a thorough wearing before i reviewed it.  it exceeded my expectations!  i wore it at an outdoor wedding (the red) and received so many compliments on it.  it is well-constructed and the cutouts are gorgeous.  no danger so far of them ripping or tearing.  the zipper in the back is a little bulky for the dress, but not a major deterrent.

i'm 5'6"" and about 145lbs, and the size 6 (my usual retailer size) was perfect."
Great top for the older woman who wants to be stylish but needs a little extra room. the subtle color goes with anything. i love it!!
I love this blouse on the model online. however, i couldn't get it to lay right and the material was a little scratchy for me. did not like the glittery thread.
I really wanted to love this dress. the cut out design is beautiful and it is very feminine. however, it does not really cut in at the waist and it left me feeling a bit boxy. i think if it cinched at the waist, it would be perfect. it didn't work out for me, but i think on the right girl, it would be very cute.
This dress is perfect! i just bought it yesterday in store for a wedding i'm going to next spring. i got it in red, which is normally not a great color for me, but it's a darker red so it works. i love anything with cutouts so i was drawn to it immediately. i normally wear a 10 in a dress to accommodate my (rather wide) shoulders, and the 10 fit well. i can see it working for a variety of occasions. one big plus is the quality--this isn't even remotely flimsy.
Beautiful summer top and so versatile! it's definitely worth it.
I'll be wearing this to holiday parties this year. pretty, fashionable, not fussy.
I ordered this dress, along with several others, for an upcoming wedding. this was my favorite of all of them as far as style; unfortunately it just didn't fit. i'm 5'2" 116lbs and my regular size 2 was slightly too long, the waist a bit too low, the shoulders a tad too wide. as a result it hung on me like on a hanger. i guess i would need a petite but alas does not appear to come petite...
I ordered this on a whim, not sure what to expect. i'm petite (5'1, 110) and ordered a small petite. i usually wear xs-s in anthto tops but wanted a little extra room for layering in the cooler months ahead do i opted for the small petite instead of xs. it fits beautifully and is very cozy too. the collar is gorgeous and very soft. i think this is a beautiful and unique piece for any fall wardrobe.
Got this dress for a party.  it was a last minute purchase and i was nervous if it would fit.  it not only fit, it looks great and is very comfortable.  have to love an a-line skirt and a top with short sleeves.  it covers everything while looking sexy.  and i didn't have to spend a second worrying if something was showing that shouldn't be.  got compliments all night.  i got it in red and black but went with the red based on feedback from husband and bff.  buy it now.  its perfect for holiday p
"This is a beautiful top, but it runs large.
i am exchanging for one size smaller.
it is worth the effort of exchanging!
well made, beautiful lace."
This is my new favorite dress. while elegant it isn't too fancy for a nice office environment. very comfortable and a perfect size fit. i would like it if it was in petite only to make it hit above my knee, not below since i am 5' 3" but not a big deal. everyone has complimented this dress!
This dress fits perfectly. the cut is so flattering. i am tall but the length is great. not too short.
"The shirt was better than it actually looked online. the only downfall was that there was a pulled thread on the shirt when i received it. it's something i can probably fix, just a little disappointed receiving in that shape.

i would recommend this top. very flattering and dressy if you want it to be."
I love this tee, it is comfortable and soft with the nice detail of buttons at the shoulders, a good v-neck, and subtle stripes. however it runs quite long! i thought i ordered the petite but i received a regular length tee and it was down to my thighs. so order a petite unless you are quite tall or like a tee to fall that low over your hip area.
I ordered this top in white and i was really excited for it to come in! once it once delivered and i tried it on it took me a second to decide if i liked it or not. i think i ordered it a size too big (i ordered a large, i'm usually a medium). it was somewhat boxy, but i think paired with the right pants and shoes it would be just what i wanted!
This is a fun sparkly top that was great over the holidays with a sparkly long-sleeved top underneath, and will be fun in the summer too. i got a size small since my regular size extra-small was sold out, and it was still really cute. great cut and design. as others have mentioned, the quality could be slightly better, but it's a good deal if you get it on sale.
What a lovely top! the embroidery makes this simple top very special. it's too light-weight for january but will be a staple of my wardrobe come spring.
I love this dress. i'd get it in both colors if i could! the cut and fit is beautiful, i'd suggest sizing down if you feel like it's too boxy or lacks shape. the bottom skirt is round enough to where you can twirl ( #1 thing to look for in a dress ;) ) and it's just overall a classic pretty dress. my only complaint is that the overlay cut out seems a little bit delicate and i'm afraid it will be ruined after a few wears but it seems to be holding up fine so far and isn't incredibly delicate like
I bought the red motif for my summer wardrobe; i'll be on the road for most of the month of august and wanted to create a super comfortable capsule wardrobe that would launder without ironing. this top is well made, super soft, and works well with jeans, capris, skirts, and leggings due to its longer length over my posterior. i should have read the other reviews first though, this is a tad large and i needed to us invisible tape to keep everything from hanging out the front. i ordered a medium a
I originally ordered the peach stripe tee in my normal size, medium. after going to the store and trying another color on in a small i realized i should have sized down. i have since purchased the blue stripe in the smaller size. i love the fit and the colorful stripes of both. great light-weight, casual tee. i love the button details on the shoulder.
I cannot give this dress enough praise!! i say it runs a little large because i'm normally an 8 but the 6 was just more flattering.  i wore it for a wedding and i was showered with compliment after compliment about the dress! i've never felt more beautiful, and wish i could have one in every color! and quality? absolutely amazing.
Thought i would splurge on a tracy reese coat. i got a size small, (120, 5'6) felt huge on me and i looked like a wooly mammoth. very unflattering. another reviewer also mentioned on how it flairs slightly at the bottom?.adding to the overall bad look. i had it on for about 20 seconds and put it back in the bag to return. din't have to ponder about it at all.
I got the green motif color which is really multi color: blue, orange, purple, yellow, green and brown. the fabric is gauzy and sheer, nice and breezy for summer. there is a subtle stitching detail at the shoulders. i ordered my usual size, medium, and it fits well in the shoulders and arm holes, but it is extremely billowy in the body. i had to take it in a couple inches on each side to make it a little less full. it's still has some swing, but not quite as much as before.
Love the unique look of this coat. living in the northeast, during cold weather i wanted something warm that wasn't your run-of-the-mill wool coat. i agree with the other reviews about the somewhat "bulky" nature of the coat, but i'm not wearing a coat of this nature to look thin. i'm fairly thin, 5'4" 102, i know i'm not bulky, so i didn't care if the coat made me "look heavier" than i am, it's a winter coat, get over yourself, no one really cares how much you weigh. so, if you can get past tha
More of a blouse than a tee because of the fabric which has a linen feel to it, on the front, the back of the top is more of a tee shirt material. not a travel top as it would wrinkle. the pattern and colors are the same as pictured. the sizing is large - i ordered an xs; my size is usually a small. it is a generous fit and boxy, not shaped at all. the back has a horizontal stitch band about half way down which provides a loose blouson effect.the back (which is all black and is tee shirt fabric)
On the hanger, this dress looks a bit boxy, however once on, it has a beautiful flow and elegance to it. it's super feminine and cinches in at the waist perfectly. my one (major) complaint that prevented me from purchasing the dress? there's no give to the dress. i wasn't able to lift my arms up past 90 degrees and that's sort of a problem. it's a shame though because the outside shell is gorgeous and so structured, and it would have been a nice contrast to the shape of the dress on a body.
Ordered this in xs my normal size (5'5" 110 lbs) and it was huge! did not particularly care for the style either nothing special.
Gorgeous laser cut top layer in a true vermillion red, oh la la! style is feminine, elegant, and appropriate for all ages.  i plan on wearing this for the upcoming holiday season as well as valentine's day 2017!  quality is top notch and fit is true to size all be it a little snug in the sleeves.  for reference i'm 34e-30-40 and the size 8 worked, i would have like to have tried the 10 but the store only had an 8.  the arms are a little snug, nothing uncomfortable, just snug. length is below kne

The fit is a little bit odd, it is short and wide, too much fabric. the quality is not good, the buttons can easily break and the stitching was falling apart. i am returning it.

I got this top in the beige, size small. it is flattering and though i hadn't noticed the lace details in the back before i purchased it, they are a nice touch. this is a versatile piece. i can dress it up or down. this will definitely be a favorite of mine this season.
Very pretty & shimmery. suitable for slightly dressier occasions. comfortable fit.
I bought this dress with a specific occasion in mind. i could not turn it down because it fit like a glove. i love the cut and the length.
Obsessed with this sweatshirt! it's a must have for any loungewear lover. i'm normally a xs but sized up to a s for a more loose, relaxed look. i was afraid it would swallow me, but i love the fit! the knot in the front is a nice detail that makes this comfy top really cute. the fabric is a great texture, great for transitioning from summer to fall and winter to spring. love everything about this sweatshirt and will easily pair with leggings or jeans. worth every penny!!!
"I bought this in the blue stripe and the color is not what is shown at all! the photo shows a bright, vibrant blue and white stripe top. i got a white and very light pastel blue stripe top. so disappointed because the top doesn't have that wow look as shown in the photo. however, it goes well with blue jeans even in the lighter shade of blue.

and, the fabric is nice and cool for hot summer days. the fit is tts. i bought a 16 and if you wear an 18 this will fit also. i didn't find this too box"
I love the sparkled fabric and intricate design on the back. i had trouble with the front because the cowl exposed a bit too much, so i wore a tank top underneath. ordering a petite may have helped with the cowl.
The blouse is beautiful. the quality and design are spot on. but it runs quite large. i normally wear a small or an extra small depending on the cut. i ordered this in a small based on the way it seemed to fit the model. it's huge. i'm going to have to reorder in a smaller size, but i'm not sure if the xs or xxs will fit better. i'll probably drive to my retailer store and try it on in person. for comparison, i am 116 pounds, 36-26-36.,
I didn't mind the "scratchiness" others proclaimed this garment had, but it is made very tight in the arms and across the back. looks great from the front, but uncomfortable.
Love these pants. love the fit. i can't wait to wear them, but i have to find the time to hem them first. i am kinda tall at 5'9" and i wear a lot of heels, even tall heels. but these pants are even too long for my 3-4" heels, and i don't wear taller than that to work every day. only on very rare occasions. so they do need to be hemmed. they are a great cream white color so can carry on through the winter and will also get a lot of use in the spring and summer. good fabric and a nice fit!
I knew i had to have this shirt when i saw it online. the embroidery is almost like english smocking. i was not disappointed when i opened my package. the only flaw i've noticed is that it does "pucker" slightly around the shoulders and chest area due to the tight embroidery not allowing it to stretch. it is not terribly noticeable though. lovely shirt all around.
Looking forward to wearing this blouse for the summer. easy to wear--no special bra needed. thin cotton material will be perfect for vacationing in japan. i wear a 4p but because the smocking in the shoulder area leaves the lower part of the shirt a bit blousy, i bought the 2p. i prefer the straight hems instead of the dresses and tunics with the longer back hem, which gives my petite frame the illusion of looking shorter. i liked this blouse so much that i bought it in the green and white strip
It hangs very nicely on the model in the picture but when i put it on it fit tight in the sleeves and upper back but huge in the front. the sweater was also sparkly which made it look cheap. i loved the lace detail in the back but the sweater was returned. did not fit well and was not good quality. very thin
This hoodie is just what i had hoped it would be...it is super soft, comfortably loose, but with the tie bottom hugging the hips and low v-neck - it's just the right amount of sexy. it will be my go-to this fall and winter!
This could have been an amazing chemise but it is too short even for bed- perhaps it could be used for a tank. i am 5'3 but do have a long torso. it did not fully cover my booty.
There are a lot of boiled wool sweaters and jackets available right now-this is not one of my favorites. while the color is amazing, the buttons are very cheap plastic and they look that way. the are very close together which is hard to button up. the coat is not flattering in the same way it is on the model when it is opened an requires to be closed to have an hour-glass shape. however, sizing down (which would also fix this problem) would cause the shoulder/arm area to be too tight.
I tried this on in my regular size and a size up. just didn't work in either. the attached slip bunched underneath and the material was rough. i did not purchase it.
Full disclosure, i'm six months pregnant. as such, this dress is perfect for me. it's soft and flown, and i look like i have a cute bump instead of like i'm wearing a sack. i ordered my usual medium based on other reviews, and t fits perfectly--so it would have been too big normally.
I have a narrow face, and most coats with the big collars overwhelm me. this proportion is perfect. follows my shape without constricting but flows so well for a good line. color isn't quite laden green; it's more teal which works even better for me. so hard to find a wool coat these days that isn't bulky.

I bought this dress to wear to an out of state wedding. first time wearing, when i tied the strap, the pull through at the top of the halter broke with minimal stress. i sewed it back with a repair kit from the hotel but was worried the whole night the dress would not hold up. if this is all that is holding the dress on, it should be more secure with reinforced stitching. beautiful material and comfortable.
This is a great coat, very lightweight, but warm. the color is gorgeous. it is fitted at the waist with fullness below and a great length. i am writing this review to give a heads up about the sizing. by usual retailer sizing this runs small and short waisted. i am generally an retailer x small and i need to exchange this one for a small or maybe even a medium (if i want to wear much underneath it). as it is it fits too well, like a dress, not a coat and looks short waisted. in fact, when i tr
I bought both colors. the navy is beautiful but the grey is closer to a drab beige and the color really disappointed me, i'll be returning that one. i love love the fit and feel of the sweater. it drapes wonderfully whether open or closed and it's so soft. however, the fabric pilled significantly, big pills not even little ones, where my arms touch my sides after just four wears. !!! i get that rayon is finicky but that is ridiculous. the navy is now out of stock in my size so i guess i'll try t
I wanted to love this. couldn't wait for it to arrive.  unfortunately, it doesn't look anything like the picture.  i usually wear a m/l in holding horses so i ordered a l but as soon as i held it up i noticed it was ridiculously large. the fabric is on the heavy side so the dress just hangs in a very unflattering way. and, it is extremely shimmery.  i love velvet, but the texture and sheen of this dress was just over the top. sadly, it is going back.
I bought the "light grey" color. the dress in the photo does not look a thing like the dress in person, it does not look grey at all but more of a light teal/light blue.  it is absolutely gorgeous and has a slight swing shape. i took my normal size xs.  the end of the sleeves (where the buttons are) are very tight but still fit, you just have to be careful taking off or else undo the buttons.  also online inventory says no one has this in store, but i did end up finding it (rockefeller).
"Love the color, cut, and weight (its like a fleece-weight coat, but longer and more appropriate for an office.)

within two wears one of the buttons popped off.

within three wears, one of the back shoulder seams had split.

this coat is lovely but shoddily made. worth it with a discount and if you know how to hand-sew, because minor repairs will be in your future. it is so beautiful but not worth full price at this build quality."
On the hanger, this looks like a great lbd. on me, not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle.  for reference, i tried a 0p, and i'm 5,1", 102#, and 34a.
The bikini bottoms are high quality and feel very luxurious. order one size up. this line runs small. i read the reviews and ordered a medium. i am normally xs/s in underwear but the medium fits me perfectly. i wish i had ordered in other colors before they sold out! trust me you'll want another pair after trying these on.
I ordered this and there is just so much fabric! in the pictures i think it is pinned in the back, in the main photo, to make it look more streamlined. definitely a miss!
This dress is cute!! i ordered my regular xs which was too large but liked it enough to exchange for an xs petite and hopefully the fit will be better. (the xs was much too wide and came past my knee. i'm 5'2' and 123 for reference).  the grey is very pretty and is blueish gray... very misty and unique. the pockets are awesome and i like that it's lined in a fine poly that shouldn't cling to tights, etc in the winter. if you can find a size that fits you, buy it!
I always search each summer for a maxi dress and this is the winner this summed! i love the way it wraps. fits perfectly. i got a size medium and i am 5'5 34dd; the dress is long enough to wear with flats or heels. i recommend this!
It was lighter weight than i expected but that's perfect for me considering florida winters are mild. it's more like a wool sweater than coat. the design is gorgeous, however, ran bigger than anticipated. i'm hoping an exchange to the xs will work otherwise i'm not sure i can get the fit i expect from this sweater coat. the buttons are plastic and would have made a much bigger impact if they were wooden but they're still nice. overall i love it and am hoping for the right fit so i can flaunt thi
I was really hoping this dress would work out, as it looks like it could be a staple outfit for work! the material is very nice, but unfortunately the dress was way too big. there is a band right under the chest that i would think should be somewhat fitted to give the dress some shape to your figure, but it was wayyy to big on me (especially considering i am large-chested! i will be returning this.
I found this dress delightful! i have worn it numerous times and though quite long (for some girls) fits me well. my only complaint is that if the wind blows it tends to fly open as there is only on clasp at the breast. the fabric is light and comfortable, i wore it in costa rica and it felt refreshing. i am 5'9", 155 lbs and a 34a cup; i would suggest a larger size for girls as the small fit me very well.
"This dress is too short for me to wear as a dress, at 5'7"" and over 40. however is is great with leggings and boots.
it drapes nicely not over sized like many dresses this style. the color is more earthy than pictured. it's actually nicer in person than online. and it has a wonderful texture to it. i was drawn to it when i walked in the store they had it on display under s short cropped jacket and boots."
I loved this coat in the picture, and couldn't wait to get it. sadly, it did not deliver in real life. i got my usual size small, and it fit well in the shoulders and sleeves, and okay in front. the big problem was the back. it just hung from my shoulders with zero shape, and a lot of extra fabric. i considered trying the xs, but was concerned that the shoulders might not be comfortable, and honestly i can't believe the xs could possibly have been different enough to work. maybe i got a defectiv
This is a really cute and flattering dress on me. i am 5'4" 120 lbs and the 4 is a perfect fit. i am a little busty but the empire seam brings the dress back in slightly below my chest so it does not tent out.the asymmetrical hem makes it really flowy when you walk. the under dress is a lightweight fabric in a sheath cut that is shorter than the over dress which is a fun detail. the over dress material is somewhat gauzy and it moves as you move. the pockets are positioned in the front which is a
I'm not sure why this skirt is described online as having a blue motif. the background is black and the blue in the pattern could pass as grey. the material is a strong polyester which should be nice and easy to clean but it almost feels like silk. i love the aline and even with the ruffles it looks very slimming on this pear-shaped gal. i can see wearing it with strappy sandals and a light blouse in the next few weeks but pairing it with a sweater and boots well into the fall and winter. i thin
Very comfortable to wear. you can wear it any season.  it runs true to size.  nice fabric.  it&amp;#39;s a simple black dress.  love it!
I ordered a size 0. the dress was extremely large. i am 5'2 and weigh 110. i guess you really must be 5'9 like the model to wear this dress. such a shame..
"I wanted a comfortable and loose casual dress. i liked the pictures and decided to give it a try.
the dress turned out to be too loose (i got size 4 after checking the measurements chart, i'm 5'7' 125 lb and usually wear s). i could practically wrap myself in this dress. besides, it looks a bit too long (well, i'm not as tall as the model in the photos and i don't like wearing high heels).
the material looks faded, not as bright as in the pictures. i like distressed and vintage style, but this"
This dress fits great. i love that it's fitted at the top but drapery and swingy at the bottom.  it has a thicker t-shirt type fabric.  i will definitely style this with a variety of necklaces or a scarf and cardigan for cooler weather.  it's much cuter in person.  for reference i'm 5'4 105 and got xs.
I found the material a little stiff, im asummig linen is stiff at first. i got an xxs and fit tts in my case (34 b, 5'7, 120 lb).
This is quite an odd dress. it does wrap and is beautiful material. however, the dress does not close at all in the chest area. i thought perhaps it was meant to be a kimono. it will go back for sure.
Love the colors and pattern. i am normally a m/l. i ordered a large as that's all they had in stock and it fits fine though the medium would probably have fit a little better for me. it is very long, even for me and i'm 5' 9.
First, i was surprised that this skirt fabric felt similar to men's tie.  it is a thick weight silky feel.  next, i was surprised by the cut.... i wear a 12/14 petite, and the waist of the large is at least a size 10 if not smaller.  finally, the length was really long.  i realize i am 5'2 and buying non-petite sizes, but the cut was high ankle on me. i like the pattern and ruffles of fabric, both are unusual and good for fall/winter.  but i did not like the rest.
This dress just feels and looks amazing. i love how it isn't too short like a lot of new styles. i think it will be wonderful with leggings or tights in the winter. i also love the plaid cuff detail. the only drawback is the buttons need to be reinforced. i got home and realized one button was missing. i went to the store to swap for a new one and when i went to cuff the arms, 2 buttons popped off!
It is such a pretty dress. the pics don't do this dress any justice. the cut and style is so flattering. the colors are gorgeous. you can wear it on a cool evening in summer and well into fall. i absolutely love this dress. even if the material appears a bit rough, there is a slip underneath.
This dress is so soft and cozy and pretty.  love the shine and interesting sheen whenever you move.  very comfortable and looks great with a variety of layers. i want to buy more colors but right now i just have the mauve. ordered size m and i'm 38-27-35 #135.
The colour is gorgeous but it's basically a baby doll dress - it looks like the waist is much lower on the model but for my height and large chest it' fell like a baby doll or a maternity dress. not flattering. pockets are a nice touch though.
I ordered this online with out trying it on the store. it does hang a teeny bit loser than in the photo of the model but in my opinion doesn't look bad. plus, i'm not a model...;) what i did was put a thick belt on and it just brought the dress to a new level. love it with a belt. i am an art teacher and it was perfect for work and then going out after with friends. (the school is not secular so the skirt must be long enough (it hit right above my knees in the front) as well as the sleeves) i ag


This dress is gorgeous yet sturdy, it is all about the lace. size regular 4 fit my chest area well and i like the midi look (i am 5ft2in, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). whether regular or petite size, when i walked or turned, the pleats added too much volume and looked overwhelming and no shape. i tried it with a belt and it looked better, but looked odd because the pleats poofed at the belt area. i tried with a sweater, jacket...then finally gave up. it would look gorgeous on a tall thin gal.
This dress is modern yet timeless, cute yet rock and roll if worn with boots. i am 36b, 26 waist, 36 hips, and size regular s fits well. i like regular size because it is longer in the torso (lengthens waist for a belt) and the length is right above the knees, appropriate for work. the bust area fits me perfectly so well-endowed ladies may want up a size. i am into grey now but all colors are gorgeous, love the sheen, colors are true like shown (1 star off for hi price for a simple dress).
I tried this dress on in the store.  i wear either a s or xs in retailer clothes.  its loose fitting, so i went with the xs.  the arm holes were tight, but have very cute buttons if you look closely at the picture.  you can also roll the sleeves up and there is a coordinating plaid underneath, which adds a nice touch.  great length, not too short or too long.  the grey color is much prettier in person.  i felt it had a little more of a blue tint. for reference i am 5'6", 124 lbs, and 32b.
I originally bought the white lace version of this dress, but it felt too "bridey?" then i snagged all three of the velvet blazers and spotted this black version. i like that it is not all lace, with the pleated chiffon "center." the under slip is straight and fits with the outer layer sheer enough to give the appearance of there being a shape under the flow. it is so versatile as i can do it with the velvet blazers and booties or classic lbd with black pumps. well worth the price as this will f
I got this sweater in navy and it is much cuter than online! it is a great transition sweater and also i can see it used on cool nights at the beach. i have worn in professional environment to work as well as with a tee and jeans. i love it!
This dress arrived today, and it is both flattering and comfortable. i am just a smidge under 5'4", and i ordered a regular xs. in the front, it hit me about 3" above the knee. it is office appropriate for a business casual environment. the red was deeper in color than i expected (it seemed a little "brighter" on my monitor), but this is no problem for me; it is still a great color. i tried it with clogs, knee boots and ankle boots - all really cute. and, as and added bonus, it looks good with b
I wanted to love this dress - it is gorgeous on the model, but unfortunately for me, it didn't fit right. i'm petite and ordered the xxs petite. it was snug in the upper body and looked like i was wearing a baby-doll dress. the material is high quality and i love the burnt red color. it just didn't fit right. definitely looks great on the model, but hung funny on me. i can see why it was highly rated, gorgeous dress - just not on me.
Love the dolman sleeves and its the perfect length. throw on a cute necklace and go.
This skirt is gorgeous, sturdy, well constructed. i was afraid the midi length would look frumpy, but it was beautiful. it has a nice lining, flares into a pretty a line, and has a pull tab belt around the waist to cinch it a bit. i am normally a 2-4, and i bought the 4. it was a bit big, but the belt helped with that. i wore it for my bridal shower and got many compliments!
Beautifully fitting. simple and flattering. i am an athletic size 8/10. the 10 fits well but the straps may have to be taken in a little.
What a perfect summer dress! after reading the previous review i ordered a size up and it's perfect. the slip is a little snug on the hips, but most dresses are on me so i think on most people it would fit very well as long as you ordered one size larger. i can't wait to wear this while traveling through europe next summer!
This was my first time to purchase and wear a tunic and i was very hesitant about the look, but i love this design! it is beautiful and seems to be very well made. i agree with a previous reviewer that the slit is high (it comes to my waist, but i don't think it is a problem. i always appreciate this in other reviews, so hopefully it helps: i'm 5'2", 117 lbs, and a small 32b. the xs works well for me.
Want to combine super comfort with super style and quality!! stop here and buy these!!!! you will not be disappointed!!!
These are by far the sexiest fitting overalls ever! they are lengthening and flattering and comfy at the same time!
This top is beautiful. so beautiful that i am keeping it even though it is a little bit large and drapey. the fabric has a golden glow to it. the details in the back are darling. perfect for a romantic dinner out.
This top is really beautiful. my girlfriend saw it on a rack outside the dressing room, or i would not have seen it. i tried it on, and loved it instantly. it does run a bit big, and i ordered the extra small to make sure which one would work. the photos don't do it justice. reminds me of retailer of 10 years ago, when just about everything in the store was truly unique.
I am addicted to retailer and have purchased many many items from them. this is definitely one of the best blouses i ever purchased by far. i saw this while browsing through the store and love the print and colors and detailing. i espeically loved the velvet cutouts that gave this already beautiful sweater something extra. i did not purchase this top then because i felt full price was too much and on the hanger it looked like it could be short and boxy. when retailer had their black friday sa
I am so pleased with this tunic. the fabric heavy enough to wear through winter, and it is very flattering. the colors are as pictured, as well. as another reviewer mentioned, the slit is high. but it still works perfectly with leggings or mid to high rise skinny jeans.
I just purchased this velvet top in my regular size small (34-27-35) so i'd say it runs tts and i couldn't be happier! the designer, moulinette soeurs is one of my very favorites here at retailer and always seems to come through for me when i need something really special. it's is a vintage style top that reminds me of something miss fisher from "miss fisher's murder mysteries," the "downton abbey" ladies or the designer sisters from "the house of eliott" would wear and that's a major compliment.
Retailer is known for their unique designs and this one does not fail to disappoint. i usually wait for items to go on sale but knew i had to have this one in my collection due to the fact that it can easily be worn with a pair of pants. the actual shirt is a bit shimmery which you can't tell by looking at the photo. i didn't mind it and thought it was actually a plus! i just think it is a bit too expensive, because although it is nice quality, i don't feel it is worth the price tag. pretty
While this top has a lovely design, neckline and color the metalic threads made it too shimmery for me. i actually think it looks better in pictures than in person because of the metallic threads.
The fabric is very nice on this wrap, but it wears like a blanket.
Classic and beautiful style. structured material that will always fall just right. looks beautiful and will take you to any occasion - heels or flats, office or dinner party. definitely shows off your shoulders.
I had the priviledge of trying this on during the 20% off tops sale, too bad but the store only had regualr sizes, and xs was the smallest. i am not super tiny (read have muscles), but this looked huge on me. love the colros and textures though, the line in the back is pretty and adds charm when you turn around, and the combo of all the colros is awesome, but i would need a xxs or perhaps a petite (though it is short, so not sure about petite)... soft, but try a smaller size...
Absolutely gorgeous! i bought my regular size m and while it's a little wide in the shoulders, it drapes beautifully. because i'm so short, i found the sleeves too long so i took it to my dressmaker and she shortened the sleeves about two inches so it's still elbow length and while i was there, she put in two small darts in the back so make it less boxy for my frame. can't wait to wear it - it's a beautiful material and i love the combo of the metallic sheen and velvet. so elegant. very gatsby,
These are absolutely fabulous!!! love them! comfortable great fabric! best buy of the year so far!
When i saw this in store i was so attracted to the colors on the v neck and actually thought it was a dress! until i tried it on i was confused about the very high side slits.... then i figured it was a tunic. i've always hated/avoided tunics because i thought they would widen my thighs and give me a bad shape. they actually made me look straighter/slimmer which looked amazing! the more i had it on, the more i fell in love with it and didn't want to take it off! i can wear it in the winter and f
I saw a review from another petite person who said this runs small, but i'm my case it ran true to size. it's a very flattering dress and easy to wear for any occasion.
I am a collector of clothes and textiles. that is a passion. this blouse meets all the criteria of something treasured from times past. the roses are almost charles rennie macintosh. i am so happy to own this blouse! it fits perfectly and makes me feel beautiful, stylish in my own style.
"First, let me start out by giving a reference. i am 5'1"", 138lbs, 34dd, 30, 38. i usually take a size 8 in maeve, esp if there is no give. i bought a regular size 6. 

first the good: the design. it is classy. it will keep boobies (the ones of the larger side) in place. this is amazing as there isnt really a way to wear a bra with with dress. it is slimming and i have hips. 

the bad: surprisingly, the fabric gets dirty super easy. i have no idea why everything clings to it. i got my dress f"
I picked this dress up off the rack on a whim, and did not expect to love it. i was so delightfully surprised! this dress is made of a lovely, thick, starchy cotton--i found i didn't require a bra. which is great because the back is a gorgeous feature of the dress. the white band across the midsection makes the waist appear small. the dress has sort of a retro feel with the tea length and looks best with heels. i did note a little bit of gaping under my arms but not enough to keep me from buying
Matronly and unflattering. i think this may work on a very tall and slender body type.
"The design/pattern balances broader shoulders/narrower hips and gives my straighter waist definition.

at 5'1"", size 2 ended mid-knee, but overall felt a little too long (torso length). i normally take 0p or 00p in retailer dresses.

i like the feel of the fabric and the overall playful yet chic look."
This is so bulky and itchy...could not stand to have it on! i'm a 6/8 & ordered the small, but it was still gigantic.
I ordered this in my usual size small (36b bust, 5'5", around 116 lbs), but the seam around the high waist stuck out and didn't cinch in at the waist at all, rather bubbled out a bit. the tunic "flaps" laid strangely as well, like they were too small almost. the high cut sides were indeed high cut...showing the waistband of my leggings. apparently that is a new style, as i have seen a few other tops like it around, but i question whether slits that high are appropriate for actual wear outside on
The quality of the fabric is soft and thick and well made. loved everything about it but if you are ample in the chest, it is snug and does not hang and drape as well like on the model, so you may want to size up. i am sending it back as the fit is not flattering on me for the price. someone with a boyish no-curve figure would look dynamite in it!
Very chic version of a turtleneck/tunic. material more substantial than i expected. ultimately it wasn't really flattering on my body type but otherwise i would absolutely recommend.
This top is beautiful and special. the burnout velvet (so nice and soft), the flowers, the pretty metallic threads and even the back closures make it wonderful. i took my usual size 0. it is a bit more fitted on the bottom of the top (hip area) than i was expecting but not snug. i will wear this during the holidays and beyond! happy with my purchase and looking forward to wearing it!
I have never written a review on retailer before, but after seeing this top in the store and then seeing how it is depicted online, i felt i had a duty to review it. it is gorgeous! i saw it in the store and tried it on with my mom and we both had a fit over it. the fabric is light pink with a shimmer. the flower detailing is so feminine and soft. the back's closure is just another piece of the beautiful detailing. i left the store and thought i would think about it only because i was trying to be

This dress fits true to sizing for this dress designer (i.e.: a little on the large side as compared to other dressmakers). it is very flattering on and is made of cotton sailcloth, so it is not "flowy".
I wanted to love this tunic sweater. the material is so soft and a perfect weight. the color is pretty. bu the fit absolutely did not work for me. the tunic runs very small. a large usually fits me but i felt like i was wearing a small. the slits are quite high. i was sorry to do it but this one went straight back!
This is a very cute tunic, but it is slit so high on the sides. i really like the fit, but i think i'm going to return it because it is slit so high.
Great item. ordered for my wife for christmas. received it and the medium petite waist size measured at approximately 26" (so it is at least 2" off the standard--and a thick material needs a bit more room to fit well). disappointed! replaced with next size up...we'll see!
This picture does not do this blouse justice. the material is velour where the flowers are and there's a bit of sparkle. i'm generally a pl in other stores and bought a m and was pleased. it's true to size. i'm 5'1" and the regular length was perfect and not too long at all. i won't have to shorten it. the blouse will look great with skinny jeans and boots or the right long flowy skirt. it can easily be worn to a dressy occasion. it's gorgeous!!
This dress had so much potential. the top was absolutely gorgeous. my issue was with the bottom half of the dress. the bottom is made from a heavy quilted material that is stiff and has no movement at all. the dress is supposed to fit like a modified mermaid dress where its more fitted around the hips and flares out, the dress i received had so much material on the bottom that it actually made my hips look bigger. i though about having the dress altered but decided to return instead.
I absolutely adore this dress. i took my time buying it and when i was ready to purchase they were sold out of my normal size 6 but the 8 was still available, so i snagged it. i'm glad because the dress runs small and the size 6 would have been snug around the waist. the style is perfect and the dress is well made. the material is a heavier cotton and the white banding accents it perfectly. i don't think it's too white, like some reviewers have stated. you can't wear a bra with this dress, but t
I absolutely love these pants! i was really hesitant to try these on for fear they would look like a diaper. i've always liked the look of these pants but didn't think i had the body type to pull them off being 5'5" with some curves. i tried them in my local retailer in the solid grey in both a medium and small. i could have gone either way but the medium fit better in the he hips. the draping isn't as exaggerated or bulky as it looks in the pic either so it didn't add weight to my frame. the mate
Loved the dress, but the white of the dress was neon white, way too bright and made it look terrible against my skin. i can imagine this looking good on someone with darker skin. but i"m my pale skin it looked bad. otherwise the fit was great, besides missing out on the petite sizes which are sold out.
First off, the pictures online hardly do these justice. these pants are way cool. they are soft, have the perfect little pattern, they have a great tie detail on the cuff, they are higher waist (which is always more comfy), and they are super stylish! just like the other reviewer, i am occasionally hesitant on drop crotch pants...but i was so drawn to these. i'm glad i have them a shot because they are way better than i expected! these are worth the buy!

"This is a very chic tunic sweater. i absolutely love it. fabric is super soft and is a good weight. not too thick or heavy, which for me is a huge plus as i tend to run hot and usually can't wear sweaters. being hot natured, the turtleneck was a problem for me so i had my tailor alter it. it is still beautiful without the high neck. 
the fabric is quite stretchy and i found it to be tts. however, it is not as loose on me through the chest as it is on the model. i am just over 5'4"", and wear an"
I bought this in blue and can't wait to wear it, feels so soft. exactly like the picture.
"This tunic was a surprise - the navy color and the knit material and the colorful designs on the front just accentuates the tunic. however, i agree with the previous reviewer about the high slits and it's pretty wide, better if it was a 1/4 or 1/2 inch less. fits tight on the arms and shoulders but a bit loose below the bodice.

i cut the tags to wear it and found out that part of the embroidery on one of the designs had unraveled!
sadly returning."
I got this for a special event and while i had to special order due to it not being in my local store yet, the minute i tried it on was very happy with the fit, feel and overall look. at the event i got so many compliments and love the way it fits - attractive, sturdy and very comfortable to wear, even with kicking up my heels on the dance floor. am so happy i got this and plan to wear it to other events coming up (weddings, parties, etc.)
I was drawn to these pants because i loved the color and pattern, but i was sure they would be difficult to pull off. i tried them on and loved them! they will be perfect summer pants because they're so light and not clingy at all. the material is great. these will also be really fun to wear at the beach. i could stand for them to be about an inch longer, but the wide waistband is super flattering and versatile so i just wear them closer to the hip for the extra length. definitely worth trying o
These felt like they were cutting off circulation around the calves. i tried pulling them lower to reduce the tightness but that made them way too droopy between the legs. an alternative would be to clip the elastic, but ultimately decided to return.
I usually wear a small, 4 or 6 and in this dress i couldn't even zip up the 8. so tight in the rib cage and chest. if i tried to go up even further the bottom half got much bigger. guess this one is not for me.
I ordered these leggings and loved them, for about an hour- at which point the belt loop ripped off of the pant, leaving a hole. i called customer service and they sent me a 2nd pair. same thing happened. i never even pulled on the belt loop. they are just so flimsy. it's a shame bc they are cool looking.
Oh my, i just received my dress and it is gorgeous!. i was a little skeptical with the reviews but i am on the slender side so perhaps that is the body type it works for. i am 34b with a 25 waist. i got a size 0 and it fits well. i am 5'5" and the length is good too, not too long. i could wear reasonable heel/wedges. it is a great class, sophisticated look. the material is great quality. i can't wait for an occasion to wear it to!
I just received this dress and i love it. after reading the reviews i was worried that it would be too tight so i ordered both a 6 and an 8. i am 5'8", hourglass, 135 lbs, and the 6 is just perfect. i love how it falls just below the knee, but the front slit gives it that little flirt factor. this is the go-to summer dress i had been looking for!
I should have heeded the previous reviewer's advice. but i'm really short so i thought i'd give it a try. there is something really wrong with the bust. first, it's about 3-4 inches higher than it should be. the bottom trim cut across the middle of my bust. even if i hoisted everthing up in there to fit the cups, they are really only designed to fit cones, not curves. from the side it looked hideous. too bad, because the fabric and fit everywhere else is gorgeous.
I am 5'8" 140 lbs., 34b, and i ordered the 6 in denim. the dress is certainly tts: the 6 fit like a glove but wasn't at all tight. perhaps my expectations were too high with this dress--based on the other reviews, i thought that it would be perfect for my pear-shaped figure. however, i found that the a-line skirt accentuated my lower half, thereby making me look larger than i am, so i sent it back. otherwise, this is a great dress. it certainly did manage to hide lumps and bumps in spite of bein
Yay, i found it: my go-to dress for this summer! it's perfect for casual day-to-day stuff, as well as summer festivals, nights out, travel, etc. i love the design, length and fit. it's a bit snug in the chest area but i went with the smaller size as the shoulder straps sagged a bit in the larger size. the lace-up front gives it a sexy corset-type bodice, but in a very casual, appropriate way. i think this dress will work well with many body types and ages, it's flattering for us curvier ladies,
I love this dress. i got it in the blue and i feel like everything about it is so modern and class and summery. it runs a bit on the small side. i'm between a 6 and an 8 - i went with the six, but it's definitely tight. i have a larger chest, and it's pretty low and sexy, though you could knot the laces at the top for a more modest neckline. i've also put shirts under it and it's a super cute jumper. i'm 5'1 and the dress (regular, not petite) hits right below my knee.
I?ve been looking at this dress online for some time now, but i?ve been put off by the photo of the woman wearing it on the boat. it just did not seem right. but then i saw it in the store and i was sold on it. it is a wonderfully soft, linen dress. it is a bit tight in the midriff, so i had to size up a bit. i usually wear a size 2, but went with size 4 this time. size 4 fit perfectly. it is comfortable, easy to wear, just the right amount of sexy. it will be a nice every day dress for summer i
Love this dress. i have it in white. just washed it in cold water in the machine and it still looks like new. very cute and comfortable. i stitched up the slit a bit, i am older, but otherwise, perfect.
I absolutely adore this dress! the beautiful details and shape make it so much more unique and special than your typical linen dress. it's effortless, yet still a showstopper. i am a size 4 with hourglass shape and my normal size 4 it fits me like it was made for me. it's not too tight in the ribcage, yet it is slimming and flattering. not matronly at all! the laces can be worn tied up for a more modest look, or worn untied for a breezy, casual, a bit more sexy look. i will be wearing this dress
"Yes! yes! yes! 
i buy a lot of dresses from retailer, and about once a year i hit the jackpot with a dress that hits all the marks! this dress is it!

i bought the white linen version on a whim. i never buy white dress because, 1. i don't want to look bigger than my pear shape already is, and 2. i like red wine and i that's risky in a white dress! 

i don't know how this designer did it, but this dress is amazing! it's slimming and flattering and summery and current. and i am two sizes bigger"
This jacket fits just a tad big, but it's quite comfortable. it's the perfect touch to dress up jeans! i've gotten lots of compliments.
I saw this dress online and loved it. i ordered the blue denim one in my usual sizes an 8 and 10, but i think the 10 was sized wrong. anyhow, both were too small, so when i returned them, they were in the store! i ended up with a size 12 which fits great, with a little bit of room. it is light weight, simple but fun and very comfortable to wear. i have received many compliments on it on my first day wearing it. i also ordered it in white, thinking that i might prefer that color, but when it arri
I'm always looking for pieces that would good for either layering or worn alone. this looks cute on the model, but when i received it, it's actually very flowing. i wanted more of a straight cut. doesn't work very well on my body. i'm 5'3, 123 lbs., 34-d. it's going back.
I am now the third person to try this dress and return it for the same reason. the empire waist is too high and hits across the bust instead of underneath it. i can't imagine how they got it to fit this model so well. i am petite and i really love the idea of a maxi with sleeves, so i decided to try it even through the two previous reviewers reported this issue. unfortunately, i had the same problem. i am a c+ cup size. perhaps this would work on a very thin figure with a small bust. i ordered t
"The double seams down the front of this elongate; the material is light and would work spring through summer, kind shape. even though the dress hits below the knee, the buttons end mid thigh and make it cute rather than matronly. here's the but:
the rib cage area is very fitted. i'm a 6-8, in pretty good shape, and that is not a ""problem area"" for me. however, in this dress, it was. there was no way for my figure to pull it off. from behind, in both 6 and 8, every bundle of skin seemed ample. i"
I am on the fence about this top. i like the color but i'm not sure what to make of the style. the top part of it, around the chest and straps is lovely and flattering, but the bottom flairs out way more than i like. the back is longer than the front and it's almost a pregnancy top in how much it flairs. it's also quite thin and flimsy material given how expensive it is, even with the tag sale. the color, pattern and the chest part of the top is nice enough that i may keep this one, but, as i sa
I love this dress! it is more of a thick cotton linen than actual denim. it fits true to size in the sense that i am usually a size 6, but i would say it is smaller on top than normal size 6 dresses. i am 5' 8", small busted, and a "pear" shape, so i like the more fitted style of the top with the a-line skirt. i love the length hitting just below the knee. it is flattering for my body type. seems well made and at a good price point.
Its a beautiful print and design. the shirt overall is a little short but untucked it can work. i dont know why everybody is making these short square little tops. overall, i am intrigued with the whimsical print and i like that enough to overlook the length.
This is a stunning blouse! you can't tell from the photo, but it looks very 1930-1940's. i am so happy with this blouse, it is gorgeous. i'm an xl, and purchased this blouse in xl and it fits wonderfully. it fits nice and flowy and i feel i don't need a cam underneath. i highly recommend it!
I ordered the white "denim" online and was very disappointed by how thin the material was. i had tried on the light blue denim in the store and it had a nice weight to it. the style is wonderful and the fit is very flattering, but too sheer for me to wear outside the house!
Don't be put off by the sparkle! this jacket is amazing. lovely detail with the print on print with the sequined patches. i love this retailer in house brand, elevenses. i take a medium in this brand( 8/10) and the medium fits full with room like a bomber style would offer. i had tried a small in my local store and it was not a small -small so if you want a tighter fit then go for a small. but i like thinks to have a more fluid feel. i have a 34 dd chest as reference. i plan to wear this in spring
This dress is cute and the a line style is quite flattering. a few minor issues: fabric is linen not denim as the name states, petite sizing is still a little large and back zipper doesn't zip down far enough to step into so has to be pulled over head (not that big of a deal). for reference i'm 5'4, 120, 32d and i ordered a petite size 4 and it was a bit large and fell bellow my knees. will be returning for a size 2. fingers crossed!
This jacket is so pretty and fits amazing! i ordered the size small and it fits as expected. i normally wear a size small and a size 4.
A couple of months ago i bought the white in this top in my usual size small. it's cute & flowy & like to wear it with ankle or capri leggings. have worn with shorts as well. casual & cute! plus i love cotton anyways. 5'3", 117#. think i'll go ahead with the other colors since the heat will be arriving soon....
"This top is beautiful. i would say the pink stands out more in the print in person than in the picture, and it's gorgeous. the adjustable strap is nice. there is just enough padding in this swimsuit to feel protected without being bulky or worrying about it moving around in the top. this is seriously my new favorite, could not recommend enough!

for reference, i am a 34a, and purchased a small."
I did not experience the issues the other reviewers mentioned. wore this to a wedding last month and received many compliments. beautiful, comfortable dress. the bust fit well -- slightly large on me (i am *just* a b) in the size i needed, but not horribly so. love this dress!
This dress is very feminine and flattering on, especially for hourglass figure gals. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand but i sized up to 6 regular (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). when it's very fitted on top, i like my dress to be a bit longer. the bottom hem falls about 2 inches longer on me than shown on the model (i'm 5'2"). it feels tight when first zipped because the dress is cut to fit the curves of a woman, but it loosens up after a few minutes of wear. the design of this dress is
This dress makes me looks curvy,thin and sexy! i tried on almost every dress in the store in every style. this one was a winner. i bought 2 others but this one was my favorite. i'm 5'5" 130 (32dd) sz4 fit perfect. the picture on-line does not do it justice - you must give it a chance and try it on for yourself. it looks like an average dress on the model - if you have curves you'll love this dress!
I actually love the fit of this t. the photo of the model does make it look more of a straight fit - but i love that it has more of a flared shape. the armholes are high enough that it covers that bit of arm chub i hate, it swings out enough that it looks a little dressy and a little more special than your basic t, and it drapes nicely even over my curvy shape.
These look much cuter in the picture than in person. i found them to be very thin and cheap looking. i am pretty sure you could find a similar pair at a budget department store.
I'm really excited that retailer is selling basics. i love the flow of this fabric and it does not cling. i haven't worn them yet but they'll be perfect for work. i look forward to trying on the other essential styles.
Disappointed, the cut of the layer makes anyone wearing it look pregnant. even the model in the picture the way that layer hangs.
"The fabric and its texture didn't meet my expectations unfortunately. there were too much fray and cast-off of edge yarns of a fabric... 
however this will fit if you wear over the swimming wears."
This shirt is the perfect go-to; classic white button down, with a twist! the fit is flattering & i would have to say runs a little large. i am 5'4,124 lbs, broad shoulders, with a 36d bust and bought the 2 (outside of retailer, a 36d usually needs about an 8). i was worried what may happen when i wash it because it fits perfectly but i washed it in cold & hung it up to dry & it was fine.
This dress is tricky. the fabric is very thin and the under slip it comes with runs small. i wear it with my yoga shorts underneath. the fabric is a very thin linen. my husband loves me in this dress so that a huge pro. its very light and cool perfect for the summer time.
"This top is a must have for summer. it is light and accentuates the figure. i'm 5'3 and many tops overwhelm me, but this is shorter in the front and a touch longer in the back. the cotton is very nice and it has a somewhat wider hem. if you have hips this somehow makes them look narrower.
if they had additional colors, i would have bought them all. i'm a 36c and the size 8 was perfect."
Just buy these! i bought the olive green color and loved them, so i bought the navy blue. they fit true to size, i'm a size 4 and bought the 27. they are comfortable and make your bum look good. i prefer skirts, dresses and shorter pants like these gauchos instead of shorty shorts during the summer, and these will be something i wear all the time in warm weather. you can wear them casually or dress them up.
I tried this top on with a pair of white shorts, half tucked, and it looked really classy and nice. the fit was loose but flattering, it is a tiny bit sheer, but i was wearing a magenta bra, so perhaps i am biased. overall, i think this is a good basic addition, to a summer wardrobe, can be worn with a nice skirt, or with jeans as shown here. the 0 (or xs, can't remember) fit me at 115 lbs, with 30dd chest.
I agree with the other reviewer that the color of this top is more burgundy with purple undertones rather than a deep red like shown online. the fit was very boxy on me and it did not look flattering. i was not willing to to have it altered so i returned it.
I really wanted to like this top, but couldn't seem to find the right fit. i tried it on in 3 different sizes and none of them were right - they were either too wide in the hips, or a little narrow in the shoulder. it is cute overall though - and a good way to do a short top, without feeling like you're in a "crop top"
Nice quality, not too thin like most white tops and the arms are cut just right. perfect length too.
This dress is amazing. it is comfortable with great fabric and very high quality. if you have a lot of curves it may not be the best dress as it has no give and flows straight down from the shoulder.
This dress is gorgeous!! amazing colors, drape and bra friendly if ur not too big chested. i can wear this w a strapless bra and the tie in back does work.
"I purchased this gaucho as a gift for my mother.
at first, i was about to try it for myself because gaucho is a little trend nowadays.
but later, it turned out that it was a perfect fit for my mother.
it went well with her perhaps because she saved a lot of her fashion from 1980s.
it also fit well with contemporary fashion as well.
however, i think it matches better with vintage fashion than to contemporary fashion.
so, if you happen to save those ""good old fashion"", take them out and try"
Awesome pants. they look a lot better in person than in these pictures. i got it in dark blue. they are very comfortable, and can be used day to night. if you like cropped pants and wide legs this one is a good option. it's a bit more dressy than other models, still look casual and fun. i may end up getting a couple more for myself...
I wanted to love this dress, it looks beautiful on the model but it isn't the flattering, even on sale i am not sure if it would be worth it, it it runs pretty big.
More flattering than it looks on the model. comes in at the waist on me. i ordered it in blue, and it's very pretty; will go nice with a business suit but requires a cami underneath for work occasions.
With the pleats, probably need to tuck in shirt. these were too big for me, so need to return.
Impecable workmanship (overseas). i usually wear a petite 2 but ordered this in a regular size 0 and glad that i did. since it curves up on this side, it barely overs the waistband on my jeans. ordered this in pink but it's more of pale coral pink. the style is more of a semi-halter sleeve but it have snaps on the inside shoulders to keep the bra straps from showing or you can wear a halter bra. it's a very light weight cotton and flowing and it will be great for the hot weather.
When this dress first showed up online, i liked it, but didn't buy it because i wasn't in love. retailer weekend popped up, so i decided to take advantage of the 15% off and ordered this dress. it shipped to me in no time! the dress is beautiful. the fabric is soft and airy. this is the first "off the shoulder" dress that actually stays off the shoulder. no riding up, no fussing! i suggest sizing down because this dress is slightly flowy.
This is such a cute top! i've learned to size down in swing tops or else they look way too big - in a sloppy way. i ordered the xxs (5'3" and 110lbs) and it fits well. it'll look cute with my black skinny dress pants or jeans. i definitely recommend!!
I'm curvy, and i often have trouble finding pants that don't have weird creasing and fit both my waist and thighs. these fit awesome, especially when i use the buttons at the waist to make it a little smaller. they do emphasize my hips, so if you're trying to hide hips, these aren't for you. i love them, though--they drape beautifully and feel great.
Fits well (true to size), very stylish and comfortable. i'm going to have to buy these in more colors!
This tank is so classic and summery and i never want to take it off. it's very soft, and the fabric is decently thick. it hangs away from the body and has a nice swing to it. it works well for my very straight figure and small chest, but finding the right fit might be problematic for someone more blessed in the chest area than me.
I feel slim and comfortable in these cute trousers.  got compliments at work.   they are definitely more of a work pant, due to the material.  i think i could wear them outside of work (look-wise), but maybe wouldn't feel as comfortable in them after the hours of nine-to-five, due to the material.
Totally pretty but not crazy flattering. a bit wide in the hip area if you are not tall. good on sale but i wouldn't pay full price.
This dress is so versatile. great summer wear!
Delighted with these. made in the usa was a big selling factor. great quality and fit. will look out for more active wear from this brand.
I was so excited for this dress.. but sadly it did not meet expectations. the gauze fabric already had several snags/pullers in it. the underslip was very short and just cleared my derriere.(i'm 5'7") i normally take a 10/12 and ordered this in a l.. it was somewhat clingy in the hip area but yet bulky on top. also, i like to have the first button open, but you could then see the v neck of the underslip and it looked hokey. it's definitely a thicker material than the previous plaid tunic holding
I bought these pants in yellow for an event where i had to wear yellow. i was weary about the color but it is so great in person. it's a very bright lemon-y yellow. they're high waisted and very flattering. i'm 5'11" and normally wear a 30 and they were a little too large but nothing a tight belt couldn't fix. they also hit a little bit above the ankle which initially i was worried about with the flare but it actually was a really cool look. i received so many compliments that day and am glad to
Another cloth and stone success! love the back! denim goes with most anything!
Love the bright colors! made really well!! super soft and vibrant!
This top fits exactly like the last photo, which was my hope. it is not as slim as the other images. it's a swing top and the arm holes are perfect size, and the mock turtleneck is not too high. the fabric is thick, so will be perfect transitioning from summer to fall.
I'm so glad i tried these on at one of my local retailer stores. i didn't really think much of it online but they have a much nicer look and cut in person. i got the navy blue in size 27 which fit tts. i got a regular size vs. the petite size which i usually like to go with because i'm short but i actually found that they fell very similar to the model's length shown online. they seem so versatile, i'm looking forward to wearing these!
I bought this scarf/dress for 20% off on mother's day weekend. i really like how it looks and can be worn over a bathing suit or just as a dress, but it is not worth the money. it is poor quality, a scarf stitched together with an attached chord that you tie around your neck. you can make this yourself or wait until it is at least 50% off the original price.
"Love these pants. they are so easy to wear and look really polished and put together. i bought all 3 colors but i had to go a size up so that they draped correctly on me. i am usually a 4 but bought a 6.

i also love that they hit above the belly button so they work with longer crop tops.

i do wish they came in more colors."
Love this sweater! it feels so soft and it slides right on over the head and neck. easy to wear. this is my favorite sweater. i wear it all the time. the lilac is a really nice subtle color as well. meant to be roomy.
I normally avoid white tops because they usually don't have that pop,but when i saw the 50's styling on it i just had to try it. i came in to buy another top from their catalog but it was such a wow i walked out with it instead.
I found these at my local retailer on the sale rack, in a moss green color. the material, cut, and overall quality of these gauchos is excellent. they will be a nice transition into autumn with a light top and a jacket. i got them in size 26, and they fit perfectly. highly recommended - with the 40% off of sale items, they cost $42 + tax.
I got these in kelly green because i am tired of all of the black and navy in my wardrobe, and i was not disappointed. the pants are well-designed and drape well. unlike a previous reviewer, i did not find the fabric to be cheap, but it is light and a little blousy--not bad for a warm region like mine. this polyester fabric has two advantages: no fading and no wrinkles. a good staple for work.
Was worried these pants would make my 5'2" frame appear even shorter, but no, they looked great and fit perfectly. very comfortable. love your pilcro brand, but will remember this brand for the future.
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it. i am usually a petite, so i knew it would hit me just above the ankle, but it works! what is lacking from the description is the under slip that comes with the dress. it is a knee length, cotton jersey slip that is bulky and uncomfortable - thus the 4 star rating instead of 5 star. i won't use the slip, so this makes the dress fairly sheer when backlit. otherwise, the dress is well made and the addition of the piping at the seams makes it special. i
"Tried them on in store. they were actually kind of sexy on. i have an hourglass figure and the way that these fit, felt sort of like a 50's/60's fit, accentuating and flattering my shape. 
on my to get list."
I love a good gaucho/ culotte. these are very comfortable and fit is tts (i'm 5'9" 145 and wear a 29). they are ironed with a line down the front, which i don't like, as it's always hard for me to keep the ironing straight. the pants have a little bit of stretch to them which is nice. since they're linen, they will require frequent ironing (which, i hate to do in the summer).
I'm keeping these shorts because they are cute. i sized down as the previous reviews suggested and they fit great, but they are snug around the legs. i think i would have preferred a more baggy look, but then they would have been too big around the waist (had i ordered my typical size). they are soft and comfortable, the navy color is really pretty.
I love these shorts! i know reviews say to size down and yes you very well could. but i like my shorts a little bigger so they hang on the waist and can wear a belt. they are so comfortable and the length is perfect! i love that they are loose around the thigh so they don't ride up while walking. i think they might look silly rolled down because they are so wide. i wish they had black, army green, and a dark wine. i would be in heaven!! i got the dark grey and the navy and am very happy.
Very happy with the fit, sizing, and look of these shorts.
I purchased these in taupe, mint, and coral. they are extremely comfortable and soft. they can be rolled up to 3 different lengths. i stayed in my regular size and the fit is great. i can see why they sell out so quickly. a must for summer season.
I live in these shorts all summer long. they are so comfortable, soft and practical. i have purchased a couple of these every summer but this year they were so many pretty colors i ended up with 6 new pair.. they go with just about everything and are soft and perfect for texas heat. i stayed true to size on them.
The photo does not do this top justice. if you pull the tie a bit, it shapes the blouse a bit. i have a few work tops from retailer that i treasure -- they look good, wear well, wash easily and drip-dry perfectly. this top fits the bill too. and it goes with navy, black or even wine-colored pants. grab one!
I bought one pair last year and two more this year! i love them! they fit tts and the "red" ones look exactly like the picture.....more of a pink color. super cute color! buy these shorts!!!
Way too big and unflattering. i would love it to look like it does online but it's huge in person.
I absolutely love these shorts!!! everything about them is perfect!! i have them in almost every color. they wash beautifully. i don't dry my shorts in the dryer. they fit the same as last years'. i'm thin & pretty straight with little hips. i wear them in a size 28. i tried the 27 & they felt a little snug. i don't like my shorts tight & i like when they can hang down a little with a belt or not (like the model in the picture). i don't find that they stretch out much after wearing but that coul
These shorts are perfect. not too short, but can be cuffed so not too long either. the fabric is soft and gets even softer after washing. bought two colors in the late spring and then recently added to my "hyphen" shorts collection. you can dress them up or pair with a casual t and flip flops. note - if you like your shorts loose, order true to size. they do stretch at the waist, so if you want them to fit true to size, order one-two sizes down.
"This dress set my heart a-flutter, but i had quite a time figuring out the sizing. i literally ordered six different sizes, and when i put them on, they all seemed to look like a very beautifully embroidered and elegant tent. if only i could just nip it in a tiny bit at the waist! then it would look like the model does! (i actually think they probably pinned the back of the dress to get it to fit on the model).

so i played around with it and ended up putting in 2 small darts in the front. and v"
This would be perfect except for the ridiculous attached scarf. the material is so soft and luxe. the colors are richer in person and perfectly go with everything. but the attached scarf ruins everything!! the scarf is not flattering and takes away form the cute buttons on the front. if the scarf could be removed it would be a great sweater coat. so disappointing.
I wear a typical 25 in coh jeans and i ordered these in a 25. they fit but they feel more like jeggings than skinny jeans. the wash isn't as faded out as in the picture. and at 5'2" the rip is right at my kneecap. i bought these for the distressed wash, and will probably return this pair as it looks darker and less faded in person. i look nothing like the model does in this pair of jeans.
I loved this top but the cut was too short in the waist for my 5'8" frame. wish it came in a tall size!
I tried these shorts on in 5 colors and found a wide variety of sizing. in the dark grey and taupe i needed to size down one from my usual 28 to a size 27. in the sapphire, lavender and red my regular size 28 fit perfectly. i ended up purchasing the dark grey and lavender with a discount. i gave 4 stars for the variation in sizing but once i got the correct fit the shorts have not stretched out on me throughout the day in either color. the length is perfect, short enough to not look frumpy, but
I never buy shorter shorts, my legs are so muscular that most are unflattering, but these were actually ok. they didn't look loose like the model, but hit a nice spot on the leg, and they have enough stretch to fit me nicely. i even bought the white color... unheard of! i weigh 115 lbs, all legs...
I'm pretty disappointed in these. just bought the yellow pair and wore today for the first time. super cute and very comfortable. i was in love with them. they got two small stains on them from the day's activities ( and not even crazy, untreatable stains). unfortunately, the stains did not budge yet the color of the shorts washed out. they are completely ruined after one washing (on cold). i'm hoping this was a fluke and plan to order a second pair before they sell out. these will be going back
Perfect top! i love the mix of materials, silky in the front and comfy knit in the back. the tie on the side is adorable and adds a little something special to the shirt. happy!
I love these shorts. would buy them in every color! the colors are all fabulous and the fit is great too. not too short, not too tight. very soft comfy feel.
These shorts are age-appropriate for all. they're loose fitting and cal me rolled up or left down where they end above the knee. the fabric is soft and colors are fun
Bought these shorts in the store, in navy and loved them so much that i ordered them in the taupe. for some reason, the taupe pair is shorter but they still fit beautifully. the fabric is ligher weight than denim so i wear them a lot. love pilcro!!!
I love the way these shorts fit and look; very comfy, but after laundering one time, the lavender color became blotchy. used regular detergent in gentle cycle and it looks like someone poured bleach on them in random areas & they are unwearable! i have several colors, but the only color that was a problem is the lavender. $58 for one wear was a waste. i hate to leave negative feedback, but be careful with laundering.
This coat is super cute and flattering. i am 5&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;8&amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; and it comes almost to my knee on the back. i&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;m usually a small but got the medium in case i wear a bulky sweater underneath. comfy and warm, but won&amp;amp;amp;#39;t be warm enough when winter hits without a big sweater underneath. great to throw on to walk the dog or hit the bus stop in style.
These shorts are great! perfect length and this can be addicted based on how much you roll them up. i love all the colors. i've bought several pairs because of how comfortable and versatile they are!
"I ordered this dress to wear for summer weddings this year. i am both surprised and excited that it fits.

i normally wear an 18, sometimes a 16. stores like retailer are a place i go to admire fun cloths, but not to actually shop. i was concerned that the xl was going to be a fake xl- this happens sometimes. a brand only makes clothing up to a 12, so they're xl is really a 12. but not so! i feel like the xl could fit a 16 - 20. the l would probably fit a 16 as well.

this dress fits in"
Love these shorts. they do run large, i wear a 29 in pilcro and the 28 in these shorts fit comfortably with a bit of room to spare. the turquoise is definitely green, and not as bright as what i see in the online photo, but still a nice color. they have a funny smell but i'm sure that will wash out.
These are some of the softest most comfortable shorts i own and wish i had them in more colors. i like that i an adjust the length of the cuff since it's not "hemmed" to a certain length. i ordered the pink/salmon color and they go with so much!
I was extremely excited to receive these pants, given the two positive reviews. i'm a petite woman and have trouble finding jeans with the right proportions. i sized down from my normal size (27 to a 26) and was swimming in these pants. i would have had to go down three sizes to make these work. i'm not sure if i received a defective pair or what, but be cautious ordering these pants.
I listened to the other reviewers and ordered down...silly of me! all plcro seem to run a bit large and do stretch out. i got the 25 in the lovely light grey...fit me, but too tight to be comfy. i usually wear a 25,26, or 27 in jeans depending on the style. unfortunately, there are now no more in the grey...too bad. this shouldn't happen at the beginning of the season....please please please bring them back in this great neutral color or a stone.....
I ordered these in white and sized down from my normal 28 to 27 based on reviews and they are too small. i've seen with other pants/shorts that sizing can be off with different colors, so i'm guessing it's the same case here. i'll try ordering again in my usual 28 and hope that they will be a good fit. otherwise, nice shorts for the price.
"This pants the worst short that i ever had!!
i bought ;this short last week and i laundry it yesterday and it came out lost color!!
i was really shock definetly will return it to store.
fyi, i never use chrolox or bleach when i laundry."
Great shorts. i've been buying these for the past few years. each year, i add to my collection with new colors. i have 8 pairs now! perfect length and can be rolled if needed to show some more leg.
So glad i gave these a try last summer in the peachy pink color. this year, i got the darker grey. color is great- goes with so much-and they are so soft and comfortable. also love that these can work rolled up or down at the bottom
I bought these in a few different colors because they are so comfortable and perfect for summer. they fit true to size if you want a more relaxed fit. i sized down for one pair for a more fitted look.
I absolutely love these shorts! i wear a 28 in all pilcro and these are no exception. i would not have grabbed these to try on, but the person who put my clothes in a fitting room added them for me. first, they are definitely short when rolled twice, and i do not have skinny legs. in fact, i never wear anything that exposes my thighs because i really dislike them. for some reason, these shorts make my legs look great! i thought for sure it was the mirrors at retailer, but i still like them at home
"I am 5'1'' and most normal size retailer tops are too big on the armpits and neckline for me.
i don't usually go for peplum, but i was drawn to this top bc it was very soft. when i tried it on, everything fit just perfect and length was also right for me. i like slight stretch of this fabric which hugs body nicely. i would say you should get a size that fits nicely on chest area."
I really like the hyphen pilcro chino pants so i figured i would try the shorts and voila' - i love the shorts too! colors are great and you don't have to cuff them if they seem too short - they're versatile and who doesn't love options?????
I have been eyeing this top online and initially thought it was very fitted and structured as it appears on the model. upon trying it on at the store, i agree with other reviewers it is a tad boxy. i ended up sizing down to a small and it fits nicely. (5' 8", 145, usually i take a medium or 6/8 in retailer tops). i can see where this might not work for everyone, but i found it to be a fun take on a classic "tweedy" look. i plan to add a pop of color with jewelry or even pair it with the pin
"This dress is lovely and the fabric is sensational.

the slits on the two sides of center front are really cool too.

i am 5'7 and it was way too long and i would not have it hemmed at it would remove the gorgeous
lotus pattern near the base of the skirt. i only wear flats at 70 but hope this fabric appears somewhere else
sometime. it is truly a gorgeous dress for a taller person."
I have had a hard time finding shorts as i have a smaller waist and bigger thighs. i am 5 ft 4 and weigh 125 lbs and i wear a size 25/26 in jeans i bought a size 26 in these and they fit great. i wouldn't size down if you have thighs as i like some room in mine.
I want to love this shirt but it isn't happening. the proportions shown on the model are not how this shirt ends up fitting. the fabric is super soft and the pattern is great, if the fit works for you.
First let me say that i've recently fallen in love with the pilcro brand. i love the pilcro hyphen chinos and needed some new shorts for the summer. i have extremely muscular legs and have a hard time finding shorts that look good. i was hesitant to try these on because they said the inseam is 4" but one other reviewer pointed out that they are a good mid-length if you unroll them, so i just went to try them on at the store, and what do you know? they are exactly that! unrolled, they come about
The quality of this top is quite high. it feels like silk. the print is lovely, showy without being too over the top. i love it and would highly recommend it.
This top is totally adorable. it's one of my favorite retailer tops this season. i wear it with jeans or even red skinny pants and i get tons of compliments on it. it fits true to size and the material is washable and durable.
I was looking for a lightweight top to wear with black linen trousers to a party, i was not sure of this top seeing it on a slender model (i am a more typical 50 year old mom body) and i have never worn a peplum style. i put it on for my husband and approved, so i wore it. i received many compliments - a few from good friends who congratulated me for going out of my 'comfort zone' with the style!
These are my all time comfiest shorts and i am obsessed with the lavender color. sadly, using free and clear detergent on a cold, delicate cycle made the color turn splotchy, and they are unwearable. this happened once and i exchanged for another pair, but i'll be returning this pair. i'll be sad to see my favorite color go, but there is obviously a defect in the dye used. maybe i'll try another color!
I purchased two pair (navy and sky) for a trip to the caribbean and i'm so glad i tried them on in the store! these are the nicest fitting and most comfortable shorts i own by far. would highly recommend, well made too.
Falls nicely. pretty peachy pink color. darker than pictured. bought sz l, 5'8" 175lbs, am busty. very nice fabric, prone to wrinkles.
These are great wear- anywhere shorts. they are not too long and not too short. they are very soft and comfy. i ordered a size 6 and after wearing them a couple of hours i found that i should have gone with a size smaller perhaps. i will still keep the 6's for wearing around the house .
I really love this coat! it is beautiful and very comfortable. while the attached scarf does cover the cute buttons, i'm glad it is there! it comes in handy when the temperature drops quicker than anticipated. the only thing missing on this coat is a lining as soft as the exterior.
I absolutely love these shorts and have them in 3 colors. they are a great price point and comfortable fit. be careful with washing as the darker colors seem to bleed.
"Wonderful flattering fit, mostly cotton so very cool and huge color selection. i bought 3 pair. thrilled with pilcro. 
only thing that could make these better would be if made in the usa.  cuffs roll down if you want less sun."
No. this is one of the most unflattering things i've ever put on my body. i'm a very well-proportioned hourglass - i tend to wear a small despite a booty and 36d chest - this made me look huge. don't do it.
I like this top. i received a ton of compliments when i wore it to work, but the material doesn't feel as high-quality as i had expected from the pictures online. it wasn't worth it to me to send it back, but i doubt i would have bought it if i had tried it on first.
I absolutely adore these shorts and pick a few colors every year. like last year, these do run big so do size down. the length is perfect to roll them as much as you like. they look great after washing and wish they came in more brighter colors. love these and highly recommend these!
This shirt is amazing. the pictures on the model do not do the shirt justice! the shirt is a bit longer in person than shown on the model. the colors are also more vibrant. the material is so soft and has great flow. i am excited to dress it up for work with a pencil skirt and have the option to wear with skinnies and a cute sandal on my off days.
If i could get these in every color i would! these shorts fit so well and the quality is really nice. i wear them with t-shirts or dress them up with a blouse. i'm a mom in my mid-40's and its hard to find a decent pair of shorts that fit me without being too long or too short - these fit the bill.
I was running low on good summer shorts and thought i'd try these based on having a pair of the pilcro cropped pants i got a couple months ago. i tried these shorts on in-store to make sure they fit right and that i liked how they looked but then bought them online (more colors were available in my size than what they had in store). i bought these in 3 different colors and i absolutely love them all! they are my go-to shorts now, they look good with the legs rolled up or down, and i will be wear
These have an amazing fit! i have them in three colors. they are not too low rise, they are not too high. they are the perfect length. the only thing i do not like is the rolled cuff is not stitched and comes down easily if you do not iron down.
A romantic find. light and airy. the color is slightly darker than shown. the soft, subtle ruffles give it just the right touch.
Another excellent maxi dress by ranna gill. usually this brand of dresses tends to run small in the bodice requiring me to go up a size but i found that this dress ran true to size. i got a petite as well cause the standard size was a touch too long for me. very happy with the color, quality and uniqueness of the dress!
I'm 5 ' 5" and 132 lbs., 34d and the size m is perfect. i will probably wear a thin, long cami under it as it is slightly see through. it doesn't gape under the arms like some sleeveless items...it fits smoothly. as the other review mentioned, it would be a perfect swim suit cover up. but i'm going to wear it more as a casual, very versatile, perfect for a hot day summer dress!
This is my second pair of these jeans (i ruined the first pair and immediately ordered a replacement). wear them all the time. i did go up one size to get a better fit (i don't exactly have slim thighs--ha!), but other than that, they are pretty perfect!
I liked the cut and color. seemed like good quality. i'm 5'5 and theses were so long. i had to fold them up like 6 inches not to step in them
This top is amazing. so soft and the off the shoulder part stays where it belongs. i'm usually a large but got this in a med. fits perfectly.
"Been searching for a denim ""trucker"" jacket since last fall and was happy to see that retailer had this in stock, purchased it online without thinking twice. typically, due to my small upper frame, i'm 5'4, 130lbs, 34 a for referance, i'm between a size small and an xs. bought both and opted for the size small when it arrived. 
i love the fit, slightly cropped in the back and i also like how it""s lined inside. great quality and perfect for fall!"
Really like this top. colors are great for summer into fall and beyond. can be worn on or off shoulder. it is longer, but not tunic length. covers your bum. i haven't loved a couple of other off shoulder tops i got at retailer, but this one i do. the fabric isn't "puffy" so i don't balloon out under the bust. i am 5'6" 123lbs and 32d. got the small because i wanted length. would have even got the medium but the neckline was too wide.
I've received so many compliments. it's comfy and cute looking. the sleeves are a little short--which i wasn't expecting, but i love it nonetheless. just putting that out there in case you couldn't tell from the picture. i ordered an xs
This is the perfect dress to transition into fall, either dressing it up with wedges or down with a leather jacket. i have never purchased this brand, ranna gill, but needed to size up which is rare for me when i shop at retailer. it is comfortable and lightweight. i marked it down one star on quality because for the price, i have already noticed some of the black lace stitching coming undone.
I ordered this with another sweater to compare the two, hoping that one would be what i was looking for. the stitching on this sweater is beautiful so i honestly expected to keep this one. i was looking for a cardigan that was on the longer side as i wear leggings often. this cardigan was not as long as it seems in the picture (hit at my hips, 5'10" tall). the material seems stiff and a bit rough. the sizing is a bit boxy because it is wide/big cardigan but also short. the stitching was just as
Yes, this is a beautiful print and fits perfectly...but it's unlined thin polyester. full price is pretty ludicrous on this one. tts, but might need to size up if you have a larger chest (no stretch). hoping to grab on sale.
Loving this top! the material is lovely and high quality plus the design is very flattering on body. perfect for cooler evenings out. did i mention super flattering?
I purchased this jacket and the levis sherpa denim jacket for comparison. i chose this one over the levi's jacket as this one had more shape/curve to the bodice, which i wanted. i am usually a small but needed a medium in this jacket-- i have wider shoulders, 34c chest, 28" waist, 38" hip, 5' 4" 120lbs.
Love the way this feels ? epic and flowy and flattering ? and features my shoulders and de-emphasizes shape and size from waist down. waited for it to go on sale and it paid off. i'm wearing it to a wedding this weekend. i can't wait to show it off! highly recommended.
Just like the afterward lace cardigan i love this so much. i've had the black and white for about 2 years now and they are still intact! only the buttons fall off once in a while but that's when i'm being aggressive and on the go buttoning. the cardigans from this year just add to my knitted and knotted collection!
Bought this dress for my boho bridal shower and loved it! it was perfect for the season and fit like a charm. i normally wear a 4-6 and needed the 2 so heads up that they run a little big.
I haven't owned a denim jacket since college, but i felt inspired this season. this pilcro jacket is perfect. a little distressed along the edges, tailored fit, and i love the cozy collar. looks expensive. fits really well.
This dress fits perfectly and is travels wonderfully through the seasons! the color and cut is really flattering and flows nicely!
I bought this in late august and have been wearing it ever since. i love that you can wear it either on or off-the-shoulder. the second option adds sexiness even though the top is flowy, comfortable, and easy to wear. on the shoulder i've even worn it to work on casual friday. the print is versatile, and i like that the fabric has a little heft while still being soft and drapey. i definitely recommend, especially since i notice it is now on sale!! it is generously sized, so i'd recommend erring
I really love this dress and want to buy it, but i won't buy it in white. it is just too easy to get dirty. i would love a pretty blue or even a darker yellow.
The print of this skirt is so fun. i love how it's styled on the model, and i could see it being very versatile. i decided not to keep it because, mainly, it is pricey and i'm afraid it'll get easily damaged. if i would wear it, i think i'd be worried about sitting on a dirty chair or spilling something on my lap and it being really visible-- and then having to upkeep it through dry cleaning. the fabric's nice and good quality. but honestly, if the skirt were cheaper and the fabric were cotton a
This top caught my eye right away and i had to have it! i am obsessed with everything off the shoulder and this is a great transition piece to wear that off the shoulder look well into fall. i was expecting the fabric to be a little lighter and i did't realize there would be a ribbed texture to the fabric. the shirt is also very long and i feel as though it runs large. that being said it looks super cute on and i intend to style it just as shown in these pictures with zipper accented skinny jean
Cute off-the-shoulder top with a dark floral motif totally on trend for fall. as previous reviews mentioned, material is ribbed, which makes it look a bit like corduroy. but, it is not thick so it just makes it seem more appropriate for colder weather. i think it will be great with skinny jeans and a choker.
This skirt for sure was the most disappointing thing i've ever ordered from retailer. it looks like an all white skirt that has a little stiffness to it but looks are deceiving. it has this weird checkered patten and there is no shape to the skirt at all. there are also weird stitching lines. one more thing that i didn't like about the skirt was that it's a cream-ish color. not even the cute flamingos will make me keep this skirt. it's going back.
Love this cardigan. the quality is beautiful and and comfortable. i think the cable stitching and pockets add such a unique touch.

The dress is beautiful on the model. in person it's sheer, but i could have dealt with that if the fit had been great. i am 5'4" and the petite was too short and the regular too long. both are very boxy and seem to run big. even the size small in both petite and regular were too big on me and usually in cloth and stone size small is perfect. i really wanted to love this dress but ended up returning several sizes in my attempt to find the perfect size.
I didn't plan to wear this off shoulder. sadly the neck is too loose and big if worn on shoulder. the fabric is nice. i liked the vintage looking design that's black with purple flowers. the body has a lot of fabric and although i ordered size large, i would size down to a medium if i were to reorder. don't think i will, though.
I absolutely love the color, cut and style of this maxi. the high neck and drop waist are both so flattering! the color and design is gorgeous as you'd expect from rana gill. i got my normal size 8 and it was perfect. i would have expected the fabric to be a little heavier but it works as a late summer early fall dress
I got this jacket after being inspired by the looks from stranger things, and love that the fuzzy collar style is coming back! i tend to wear medium shirts and large jackets/coats to fit my long arms, and the sleeves are a great length for me. the lining has a gorgeous pattern on the inside too. the buttons were difficult to button at first, but became easier over time as the fabric softened. i also bought a pilcro skirt and it's comfortable too, so overall i&#39;m very happy with this brand.
I was really suprised when i received this top. it was a knit (more like a t-shirt material), which i really like. this way you can wear casual as well as dressing it up. it is not see thru at all and it stay off the shoulder. the one thing i dont like is the elastic band at top is too wide. but overall ita s keeper!
I love these jeans ~ the are so soft, so comfortable, nice fabric weight...not too heavy or stiff at all, very flattering, best of all they move with you, but do not completely stretch out by the end of the day ~ i am on retailer site now to purchase another color~
I love cloth & stone clothes and have this version in a long sleeved shirt. it is a little boxy, but the weight of the fabric helps with hang of it. i love the feel of the fabric and the weight of it for a summer dress, yet it is too sheer for a summer dress. it needs a liner or little cami dress to wear under it to keep it from being see through, however, for a texas summer, that defeats the point of a loose, easy dress to throw on. i sadly sent mine back.
Unique pattern. got lots of compliments! great fall accessory!
I loved this color and ordered it online because i thought it would work for both casual and work days dressed up a little. ummmmm, no. it's weird and boxy and does not look at all like it does on the model. i think maybe if you have no bust whatsoever and size way down it would look okay. i'm only a 34b, weigh 110 pounds, 5'3" and it made me look huge and awkward. this is going back!
Love this top! i just purchased this shirt from my local retailer store. i noticed it when i walked in and saw it on display. it's stylish, comfortable, and subtle. it runs large so size down. normally, i wear a medium in retailer tops but needed a small. the flower print is small and the colors are muted against the black. pairs well with several colors: black (like model), dark denim, olive green, and mauve. the display had it tucked into a soft khaki colored pair of pants that worked as well.
I usually have to order a size up in ranna gill dresses because of tight bodices. i did this time and it's too big, so i would stay tts or size down depending on your bust size. color is more moss/olive (green with a gray undertone) than shown online. no liner and the fabric is a smooth polyester that feels more summer weight than autumn. gorgeous embroidery on the chest. teeny tiny neck button closure and fussy side zip. i am 5'3" and purchased petite but it is still too long unless i wear my f
I purchased this top on sale and was really excited about the style. it fit great the first time i wore it. i washed it once, according to the care instructions. after washing it in cold water and allowing it to air dry, it was basically ruined. it shrunk up in length widened out about two inches. i'm pretty bummed about it because it was cute.
Saw this in the store and immediately liked it. when i tried it on, i loved it. colors are muted, and the style is very flattering. the fabric drapes nicely but is not too heavy, which is perfect for me to wear all through winter in the south. length is perfect for me (5'8"). it does look great off the shoulders, but i also think it can be worn up on the shoulders for a more work-appropriate look. it does run slightly large. i wear a large, but went with a medium in this one so it wouldn't be to
"This dress was almost perfect, but the white was just a bit too sheer to be worn without a slip. i wear a lot of cloth and stone pieces, and i generally like the fabrication, which is a bit thicker than some. in a top, the white of cloth and stone is sheer without being vulgar. however, translated to a dress it becomes a bit too sheer in certain areas. even with a nude bra and underwear, i could see everything. it might make a good bathing suit coverup, though.
the fit is tts: 36c, broad should"
I bought this dress to wear for our upcoming family pictures. i don&#39;t think the image does the dress justice - the fit is so flattering and slimming. i feel like it can easily be dressed down too, with a cute jacket in either denim or leather. the material is thinner, and it does wrinkle a bit. the price tag is a tad high also for a thin maxi dress, but i just had to have it. :)
This vest is a stunner! the dark brown suede is so beautiful. the bronze grommets on the front are a perfect enhancement to the vest. it's hard to see in the picture but the stitching is also top notch. yes, it is a little pricey but it's an investment piece that you will wear and not only get a ton of compliments but feel special when wearing it too. it's a keeper!!!
I bought this top to wear this fall, and it does not disappoint. it's a heavier light knit and the pattern is subtle but really pretty. i ordered a size smaller than i usually wear so that i can wear it on or off the shoulder, making this great for work.
I love sundry and their fun designs--i was disappointed because the fabric is very thin and the dark part of the heart is not black but bluish slate grey. it is just not what i expected from the picture. i bought the xs and it felt baggy on the body.
I couldn't resist the toucan print when i saw this online, and ordered in my normal size s (27/4 in pants, 34b bust, 5'7"). the fit is perfect - arm holes are an appropriate size (not huge like some dresses), semi-fitted and flattering, nice length for work, and the tie front is a nice detail to help define the waist. length is about the same as the model shot. i knocked off a star for quality since the fabric is not particularly breathable for summer and the zipper is a little tough in the wais
This is baggy on me in my regular size. this happens to be a good thing because it's also very thin...tissue thin... material. the reason that's a good thing is i can wear another t- shirt under it with all that extra room and it hangs nicely. i'm hoping it shrinks a bit when i wash it in hot water.the design on the front is the only real reason i'm keeping it.
Love this shirt. it's perfect. it's so perfect that i bought two. it is boxy but it has a lovely drape. please note, the heart is navy blue and not so black as shown. it's a thin shirt and i know it won't last a super long time, hence the back up.
So despite reviewers saying this was too short i decided to try it anyways. the dress is adorable the print t g e pockets so cute but the description is incorrect. the petite falls 30 from shoulder which means it's right under your bum so you move anyway and someone gets a show. it's unfortunate because this dress is adorable. it would fit tts except length. unfortunately this one has to go back.
"This is a wow dress as far as fit if you are a voluptuous or hourglass figure  woman. i have 
a 38inch bust and the medium fit perfectly...the whole dress fit perfectly. i'm so glad i took a risk and ordered it. i wish it was made from a better material
 like cotton versus polyester, but it has such a nice fit that i'll forgive the material choice."

"I was nervous about this dress due to the reviews saying it was odd and the colors being different. but these weren't issues for me. the color is navy. it has the loops at the sides of the dress to hold the belt on, but it also has a loop in the front center of the dress, which i think is nice, no one likes a limp bow ;) the belt is nothing to write home about, but it ties the dress together nicely.
the front pocket is different, but i really like it. i had a hard time conceptualizing it before"
What an adorable print!  yes, it may be a bit juvenile for someone my age but i don't care.  the toucans are rendered in soft primary colors.  the skirt is swingy but not poufy.  whole dress is lined so thankfully it's not a see through white fabric.  the bodice in medium petite fits me just perfectly (36dd) so if you are slender on top, size down.  agree with the previous reviewer about the zipper, which i find to be cheap and irritating, especially when zipping over the waistband.  worried abo
I really love this tee! but, the fit can be boxy so i ordered it online in a size 0 and am very happy with how it fits me. i've worn it with skinny jeans and have gotten complimented repeatedly.
This top is so soft, simple, and such a closet staple, if you get the right size! for reference, i am 5'3, 128 lbs, and i ordered the petite medium. it's perfect. the black is a great color, hard to describe, kind of soft with some warm blush tones. i also ordered the white and the peach. great at the sale price!!
The kimono is as pictured. the colors are true to what is shown on line, though the description indicates "green multi"--it is not green. i returned the item, however. the quality is fine, but it seemed extremely over-priced to me. it seems to me that half the price would be fair for the quality.
I bought this shirt for my 16 year old daughter. it looked adorable on her! she loved it and can't wait to wear it. the fabric felt like a great quality and the color was quite unique.
This top runs large. i had no problem sizing down one size, and could have gone down two sizes if not for the bust area. i ordered this tee in the distressed black color (in real life, it's more like distressed charcoal gray), and really like the fit. the asymmetric peplum is unusual, and cut at a flattering angle. i also really like that this top is not short; i often have trouble with length at retailer, being long in the torso. even going down a size, the length is great. overall, i like that t
This top runs larger so size down. i love it besides that. it's adorable!
Love love love this dress! quality and fabric are terrific, design is a little 50s throwback! fits well and flatters the body!
This top looks great with a long straight skirt (the grey with a black skirt....) and skinny jeans. i can understand why the style might not work for everyone but for me it's a perfect blend of elegant and funky. i'm sometimes a medium sometimes a large and the medium work well for me, so if in doubt size down
This blouse has too much drapey fabric and it's just not flattering.  in the front part of the blouse the fabric is relatively short, but the sleeves have so much excess fabric it almost looks like a clown suit.  sending back.
The top is nice, good quality, etc.... but how do you keep the 'off the shoulder' off the shoulder? mine keeps inching up until it's just a boring white top with a strange loose neckline.
I tried this (black motif) on yesterday in my local retailer store and fell in love...after sizing down! i do have to agree with previous reviewers that this top runs large. i am typically a s, but sized down to xs, and the fit was not even slightly snug. the material is soft and comfortable and i love the asymmetrical draped "skirted" bottom..very funky and arty-looking. i am 5'5" and the regular length was great on me. as much as i will enjoy wearing it all summer, i also can't wait to layer it
I wanted to like this top, as i usually adore a cute peplum feature. when i tried it on yesterday in the store, i was disappointed by how wide and bulky is it. i am petite (5'2", 110 lbs), and i tried my usual xs. the fabric was substantial and of a high quality, but unfortunately in this design, that became a bad thing as the bottom of the shirt balooned out around me. it was very unflattering and i felt lost in the shirt! definitely try it on for yourself before purchasing.

Just got the small peach in the mail; love it. also got the black small petite; works great as this shirt is pretty long. great boho tee.
I found this today on the one and only rack. i absolutely fell in love with it. i bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly. other customers were asking where they could find it in the store. i highly recommend. it can be dressed up or down.
I thought i would love this shirt because it goes along with my style, but i returned it immediately. it runs so large! the colors are faded, and the trim of the shirt curl over, so it looks cheap and frumpy. i do not recommend this! it hits in all the wrong places.
I love the way this top fits and the way it flows. i have it in two colors.
This blouse is pretty and drapes wonderfully. i don't think it's too wide at all. it's soft and comfortable. it's stretchy, yet with quality fabric that should keep its shape. definitely a classic piece. the sale price makes the cost more appropriate. the white is a little transparent, but with a tank, it's not a problem. the black is beautiful. i'm having a hard time choosing between them. i love the cut and sleeve details. it wouldn't have looked right with less fabric. it's needed for the sty
This is a modern version of the peplum top and very flattering if you don't mind flowy cuts. the material has a nice heaviness to it, and i love the black pebbled effect. 34 d, 130 lbs fit small perfectly.
This is my new favorite shirt!! you can dress it up or down. so comfy and totally flattering :)
This is a very cute dress. it was perfect before i washed it. the problems i had after washing it was the outer cotton layer of the dress shrunk length wise while the inside black lining did not, so the black lining peeks out a good inch or two. and since the dress is shorter i can't really wear it without using biker shorts, especially for the back of the dress since it's shorter there and if i bent over you could see everything. i'm so disappointed in the quality because it is a very cute, ver
"This is a cute top but the fit is problematic. it runs small on top especially around the bust and sleeves but then it flares below the waist in a billowy and unflattering way with way too much fabric.
i got both an xsp and an xxsp. the xxsp fit better on bottom but i could hardly pull my arms through the sleeves. both are going back unfortunately. for reference i'm 5' 103 lbs 32b."
This is a super cute style and i love it with white skinnies. i purchased the gray colorway. i am normally a small in tops but purchased the xs based on other reviews. the xs is still pretty loose on me, but i don't mind too much because i like flowy tops anyway. the color is so pretty and the design is edgy. it will transition to fall well.
I now have this tee in 3 colors - partly because my daughter loves and shares them with me. i typically get a size medium because i like things to fit a little loose, but needed a small in this shirt. goes great with all styles of jeans/knakis.
This dress is crazy flattering and extremely versatile. i wish it came in other colors...i would scoop them all up. great price (plus used by birthday 15% off coupon). the fabric is light weight...but not flimsy. plus it's lined with a satin fabric so the dress won't stick to you. i'm 5" 113 and i ordered the petite x-small and it is perfect. i can see it with fun sneakers (like the picture) or with some fun jewelry and high wedges for going out. thinking of buying a 2nd one as back up...it's th
This is a beautiful piece that looks even better in person - a nice mix of modern and artistic, with just enough color and a flattering fit. my only concern is that it may get itchy throughout the day, especially at the neckline. if you can handle a little wool blend next to your skin, i would recommend it for style and fit.
This is great, lightweight top layer that's just right for the little evening chill in the summer when the sun goes down, or on a breezy day. it's sheer, so it requires a bottom layer. the medium fits a little tighter across the shoulders and arms for me than it shows on the model, which i like.
So you're thinking this is a red and black skirt right? nope. it's an obnoxious cherry red netting with cranberry crushed velvet insets overlaid on bright red actual spandex. spandex that shows every wrinkle and panty line. it's really god awful.
I ordered this in the peach color way. it is a nice, thicker cotton and while i have only worn & washed once (i air dried) it feels like a fabric that will hold up well. fit is good, i stuck with my usual medium. at first i thought it was a little big but i didn't want to risk the arms being too tight or short by going down to a small. in the body a small would have worked i am sure, so if you have slender arms going down a size may work well. i liked it so much though i ordered a second one in
This top looks exactly as pictured, it is a little more billowy but i liked that about it. i found that it ran true to size and i am 5'8'', 128lbs and ordered a small. i am going to order the white because the cut is super cute.
I got the black in a medium. it just made me look wide and i felt frumpy. i think it's the angled wide sides. on me, the design just created bulk. nice substantial fabric but it isn't soft or cozy. back it goes
I wish i had read the reviews prior to purchasing. this skirt looks amazing in photos and lace appears black. the lace on mine is actually purple - at first i thought it was just purple due to lighting with red underneath - but nope - pull the netting away and it is purple. lace netting hikes up on the right due to poor craftsmanship. i ordered a medium and felt it was a bit large. will return.
This is a beautiful skirt. it is exactly as pictured. the colors are bright and vibrant and the skirt is very full as expected. i feel like it does run a bit small. i'm usually an 8 in skirts and dresses and bought a 10. it was a bit snug at the waist but not too tight so i decided to keep it for now. my one complaint is the horrible noise that the skirt makes with my every movement. anyone and everyone can hear you coming from a mile away. the skirt is beautiful but a little stiff as well. i do
This is a beautiful dress! great and flattering fit, comfortable, adorable print (the blue is stunning), and nice movement. one can't really see it in the photos, but the skirt is actually pleated. imo this adds interest and originality to the dress. i've been getting lots of compliments. get it while you can!
Love this shirt, can dress up or more casual. wish i would of purchased all colors!
I really wanted to love this top. i got it in xs in peach. the color is beautiful. i wish they had this exact same color in the boardwalk stroll top. the v neck was way too low and i don't want to have to wear a tank underneath. i would be willing to try an xxs but it's been sold out for awhile now and looks like it's not coming back. if the size were smaller, v neck higher up, and the top portion of the dress more fitted, it would be the perfect tee!
If you are looking for the perfect t-shirt to add a little flare to your basics this is the one for you. it is so comfy and baggy yet still looking like you pulled yourself together. i am just waiting for more colors to come out. i basically live in the green and white versions of this shirt.
Looks great on the model, but in actuality there is way too much fabric; what should be flowy and billowy looks like a tent (or a maternity top on a petite woman). it didn't matter which size, they all fit me disastrously. i love the look and i thought of keeping it and having it taken in, but there's too much fabric under the chest to make it an easy cut/alteration on the side seams. sometimes i wonder who comes up with these patterns, and if they pin the shirts back on the models. if you put a
One of the best retailer pieces i have ever purchased!  high quality and fits true to size.  i have a large chest, and this minimizes and creates a really nice silhouette.  i highly recommend, got so many compliments i bought both colors!

Such a cute top. does run slightly big, depending on how loose you want it to be. for such a simple design, the quality is great.
A perfect little simple style summer dress just throw it on with some trendy sandals and off you go. runs true to size. just wished they would of made it in other colors and prints.
I am all for a cute flowy tee but this one felt like i was swimming a bit. if you're a true xs, i'd skip this one. however, if you are able to size down i think it would look really great!
Love this tee! it's stylish and comfy. i ordered the white and it's a thicker fabric, so i don't have to wear a camisole underneath.  i want to order more colors.  it does slightly big.
Love this crinkle cotton top for spring. the print is great and i can't wait to wear it!
I bought the top in an x-large because i normally wear a 12/14 and i was swimming in it. i unfortunately returned it but did eventually buy the large. it is a cute fit and a fun tee to have. the fabric is soft but a little excessive on the bottom.
I purchased this in the green color, and in person it does have a little bit of blue in it so it's a very flattering color. the blouse has a simple shape but the details are what makes this an interesting piece. it looks as good under a suit as it does with jeans and a leather jacket. fits tts.
I love this t-shirt, i feel classy, stylish and comfortable wearing it. as other reviewers have noted, it is bellowy in the peplum, but that is the design and i love it. it looks great with skinny jeans and can be dressed up or casual. another terrific purchase from retailer!
Such a cute pattern, and i loved the fold-over design, but beware - there is not enough bottom coverage! i should've looked more closely at the photo - it's pretty accurate in showing the bathing suit bottoms have limited rear coverage. a couple more inches of fabric would've really helped. i'm used to fuller coverage bathing suit bottoms, and these just expose way more cheek than i felt comfortable with. i could maybe wear them around my husband, but definitely not my dad! i felt like if i bent
I had been eyeing this top for weeks. it's look so beautiful on the model, however, not great on me. material is fab. the tee is way shorter than it appears online and there is too much flutter material.
This is my 6th pair of rockets. they've become my hands down, favorite cut from citizens. for curvy girls, these are the perfect skinny jeans. they come up high enough to tuck everything in, no muffins top. they shape and lift my butt, which i need because i've got a generous one. they hold their shape amazingly well and don't require a wash with every wear in order to regain their shape. they truly have been the holy grail of jeans, for me. with all that said, these are not a 5 star version of
I really like the dress, the material, the print and the pleated skirt are totally fun. however, the neckline is a bit to low, and a cami is necessary, at least for me. the material is very sheer, which will be noted on the sleeves and the lower skirt where the liner falls short ( about 4 inches above the knee).the main draw back i personally have with this dress is taking it off. there are no zippers or buttons. getting it on is easy, not so when taking it off!
I used my birthday month discount to treat myself to this gorgeous chemise and matching robe in the mauve. the color is prettier in person than on my computer. i bought it in size m, and size m clothes are normally a little big on me. this chemise fits, but there is no extra room or looseness. i am disappointed in the quality of the pieces. i have several beautiful 100% silk undergarments that i bought for myself in the 80s and 90s, and i am comparing this chemise (& robe) to those. this silk us
Since there was only one review on this i thought i would chime in. i had been eyeing this for months and was able to get it on sale which was a plus since this had a pretty hefty price tag to start. that being said, the tailoring and detail work on it is just beautiful. i am a little worried about how the knit will wear but not worried enough to return it! as far as sizing goes, i ordered a 4 in the last byron lars dress and i am a 4 in this too. it fits snugly, but a 6 would have looked lumpy
I'm a m/l size in most things....depending on the maker and design. i tried this vest on with the paired top in the photo and couldn't believe how big and boxy it was. very boxy. it looked dumpy on my 5'3" frame. i thought it might work because i have broad shoulders to hang the vest off,but noooo. i have breast and that ruined it. well there you go, a size 36c wasn't going to help with this one. but i'm going to try sizing down to a small to give it a chance in fitting better. it runs at least
This dress is not only beautiful, it's so comfortable to wear. it's also very flattering. i love that i can wear the dress with sandals or boots. great buy!
Love this easy caftan short dress so soft easy and so stylish
Great sweater vest. its not too thin or too thick, just right for fall or winter when its time to start layering. the material is a nice soft knit and the zipper on the back is a great addition. its easy to put on and i don't worry about the zipper snagging the material and causing any damage. i plan on pairing it with a polka dot long sleeve shirt that i have and it looks great. i am looking forward to wearing this when the weather becomes cooler. highly recommend. i am a 36b and usually wear a

Had my doubts and ordered on sale just to try. am amazed how often i have worn this jacket!! goes with a lot of pants and skirts. great buy on sale. am 5' 6 1/2" 150lbs and medium is perfect..
The color is darker than shown (i ordered the denim looking one). the flower things are not very visible as it all looks one color. it must be great for the tall skinny model , but if your 5'4'' and pear shaped like me, it's a no go! took it back to my local store.
"I was very excited about receiving this dress. unfortunately i was a little disappointed when i opened the package, as the color was darker than on the picture.
i live in florida where the sun is always shining and although this dress has a beautiful simple design, it isn't for me as the color is too ""winter""."
This is a very pretty jacket. light weight and perfect for spring/fall. i had ordered it online as it was not in my retailer store. i did end up returning it though. it does run large, i am usually a l/xl and based on previous reviews i did size down and get the l. the pockets for me were a little big an pushed out having an unflattering look! i was sad to have to send this one back! i was hoping to love it! someone smaller might love it!!
I was not impressed upon first taking it out of the package, it was a wrinkled mess,lighter weight than i imagined and i felt like it hung like a potato sack. however after i gave it a good ironing and used the inside back tie to sinch in the waist i was in love. it draped beautiful, the blue has beautiful embroidered detail and i love the full length sleeves that can be rolled. i feel iike i will use for many seasons.
When i saw that these were on sale, i was actually going to order another pair as i have really been enjoying them and wear them quite a bit. unfortunately, the large that i take is sold out otherwise i would own two pairs. although these are called lounge pants, i put them together with white or black accessories and have worn them everywhere. since my legs are not long, i did have to shorten and they are still a bit longer on me than the model. however, it was well worth it.
These are really cute and done in a substantial knit type fabric that drapes well and doesn't cling. i ordered my normal size large. so i'd say they're true to size. the leg isn't too wide and bells out nicely toward the bottom. the color variations are striking but on me they made me look wider than i am. i'm short and the hem hit at the top of my ankle instead of the cropped look shown. think they'd look best with shorter tops. i decided to return but still highly recommend.
I love vests and this is a great one, warm and cute!! because it is sweater material some of the threads look like than can pull, but i still think its stylish and different and still a classic to have!
Love everything about this jacket its super soft, thin, and looks great! it's versatile and a great layering piece for someone that lives in a very warm climate! prefer the sleeves to be worn rolled up and the inside belt definitely helps give the piece more shape and dimension!
This skirt looks/lays exactly like the photo. i bought a size small and i usually wear a size 4. it was maybe a smidge big, but nothing that affected the look of the skirt. the material reminded me of felt/wool mixed together, almost like sunday school felt cut outs (but stiffer) (not a fan).. i was underwhelmed - it looked plain and simple, and the color washed me out. definitely not worth the price (for me anyways). good luck!
I love this thing. i bought it yesterday and already am wearing it today, and i have been known to leave things sitting around in my closet for awhile before i wear them, especially if they aren't a sure thing. for reference, i am a curvy, busty size 14. i bought an xl but a l would have worked too. it has a drawstring on the inside back and on the bottom center back hem, so it can be adjusted for more shape through the waist. it has a beautiful drape, is very soft, and the embroidery makes it s
I was able to try this one on at the store, and it was so loose on me, i assumed it was a large, but no, it was a small! (i usually wear size 6-8 in dress size, s/m in tops) admittedly, it does pull over the head, with no zippers or elastic to give shape. but it feels like water on the skin and has just the right amount of "show it," plus coverage for wearing around the house, i'm keeping it.
I bought this jacket based on how it looked on the model, and from the reviews. i found it to be super big, and unflattering to say the least. i'm 5"10, 155lbs. i sent it back.
Love the fabric and the casual way this jacket drapes. the color is nice, i bought the blue. usually wear petite sizes but they were sold out so bought the misses in medium and it works perfect. like i can layer it for summer/fall since its very light weight fabric.
This vest is well made and a very flattering cropped silhouette. i typically wear a 0p and ordered an xxs--it fits perfectly. it looks awesome with the shirt pictured underneath.
This skirt is gorgeous!! drapes beautifully & the color is vibrant! get it!! you'll be so pleased! i sure am!!!
Runs shorter than i expected.  i purchased on line but will be returning it for a larger size.
I purchased an xl and am 5'8"tall. the pants fall near the ankle just like the pic. i plan to wash on my gentle washing machine cycle. the texture fabric print will pair well with any printed tops you choose. these lounge pants are great for everyday wear especially for errands in town. so much better a choice than yoga pants which to me look ridiculous when wore in public. so ladies, please leave your yoga pants for the gym and treat yourself to these casual, comfortable pants. i have two pairs
"My husband bought this for my birthday. i love that it can be dressed up or worn for a more fun occasion.

i'm a tad small up top, so it fits a little too loose up there, but other than that it fits great. i'm considering getting it altered just because i love it so much."
If i could tell you how many compliments i got on with this coat, i would end up writing a book. this coat is beautiful, fits like a glove. i got the size 4, went into the store to try it on to make sure it fit right and tried on both the 4 and 6. i'm typically a 2, so i guess i went a size up. this coat is striking and the colors are beautiful.
This is a super cute t-shirt!  it runs a little big and not as long as some t-shirts which is good.   it hits mid-hip on me and i'm 5'7".    i got the gray at my retailer store and liked it so much i ordered the black one too.   warning:  the black one is actually a brownish-black which i didn't like so back it goes.
I was so stoked about this swim suit.  i bought it for mine and and my husband's anniversary trip.  it didn't disappoint.  it was gorgeous.  amazing quality. fabulous on.  unfortunately in my case though - the bottom is incredibly low cut and showed my c-section scar. so it had to go back :(
Love this coat. the colour is vibrant and it is well made. it does however run small. for me it was two sizes. i am usually a 00p and ended up purchasing the 2p. glad i tried it on in a store. it is a good spring/fall coat as it is lightweight. if i had purchased the 4p i could layer it a bit more. good but though. just be sure to size up.
When these shorts arrived i loved them and was so excited to wear them on my upcoming trip to the beach. the high rise waist is very flattering and the material was extremely soft. the floral detailing was a little more orange than in the picture but i still loved the contrast. the first time i wore these i immediately noticed threads coming loose throughout the day. it was minor but still concerning for an item that was so costly. the real problem arose in the evening when i put on a jacket on
Got this in medium (5'6', 36c, 120 lbs.). many of retailer tops i'm a small but this was a good fit for the m. got the white. not really see through but need to cut the side tag out as it shows through. i'm not sure about the other reviews - this was totally not boxy on me - falls very nicely and drapes slightly. a really sweet but simple tee shirt to wear in the summer. you can wear this dressed up with heels, stacked sandals or just with flats - ballet or strappy sandals. looks great with rolled
I really wanted to love this top but the other reviewers are spot on when they say it is too short and boxy. so, fresh out of the package, the ruffle hit me right at the widest part of my hips and when i raised my arms the shirt exposed my midriff. not cute. i really liked the quality though so i washed it on delicate and then tugged gently to stretch the length out and hung to dry. now, it's still a wee boxy, of course, but significantly longer and much cuter on me. so, i'm keeping. even thinki
I am always on the hunt for a cute white t-shirt but this one was a miss. it is too boxy (short) and the material is very thin for the price. i gave it two stars because it has nice colors for spring/summer. for reference, i am 5'4 and 115 lbs and i ordered a small. bought it online so i ended up returning it to the store.
This dress fits awfully. it's not short, as pictured in photo. it hit just above my knees. it looked like sack. i would've, also, felt like i was choking  all night with it clasped around my neck. it, potentially, may look okay on someone who is very tall, skinny, and lanky, but i have my doubts about that too.
I bought this skirt in the blue motif in my usual size large. it is very comfortable, light and it is lined! i wore it with a navy cotton lace meadow rue top from last year, gold gladiator sandals and a long gold retailer necklace.
Just the perfect weight for summer wear. falls gently over tummy without being too long and the ruffled edge and quirky uneven length make it just interesting enough to make it feel like more than just a tee shirt. i got it in black and re-ordered in pale blue and am hoping the lighter color is not "see-through." this is a nice buy on sale and can be dressed up or casual. it feels and wears great but i have not washed it so gave it a good on quality. if it washes well then an excellent would be
My daughter loved this tee the first time she tried it on. since then i have purchased the white, yellow/lemon and rose pink colors for her. the material is soft, it washes well and it looks great. she says these tees are some of the most comfortable she owns and it looks good with shorts, jeans and leggings.
The ruffle is a sweet detail on what might be an otherwise basic, rather boxy shirt. it is a nice weight and drape, but please know it is a bit short and square. i love the asymmetrical ruffle, however, and think it makes this tee worth it.
Runs really large. i am 5'4", 120lbs, 32c, and had to exchange xs for xxs for width, but then the sleeves were a little tight. decided to keep the xxs in white.
Love this dress! paid full price and completely worth it. fit tts for me- i'm 5'8" 135 lbs., with a slim upper body so i had no issues with the neck being tight. definitely would be braless or need a strapless bra. gorgeous material, light and breezy dress. best retailer purchase in a long time!
...the print is so sharking, and i love the way it looks on the model -- but i'm a more curvy figure, and the boxy-ish cut plus rather stuff fabric in front is incredibly unflattering. ordinarily i love everything made by maeve, but this one sadly must be returned... on a thinner/straighter-shaped person i expect it would be great.
Great color fit was very true to size
I really like this blouse. you could wear it tucked, but the pleats would disappear. my only complaint is that it's a bit too full round the waist. it would be a good choice for thanksgiving dinner!
A little boxy but will be a go to basic. the off set ruffle gives interest
I love this tee shirt. i love the higher neckline and the feminine and subtle ruffle at the bottom. it is my favorite tee by far! i am buying my second round of it now. i have one in coral, light blue and i am ordering more. the only down side is that both of my current shirts developed holes veyr quickly.; one on the shoulder and the other in the usual belly area that comes from the granite counter and jeans top button. there is no excuse for the shoulder holes in my mind...but i love the look
This top is easy with nice hem detail.
I tried on a size 8 in the store just for fun... (i am a 0 petite) and then decided to take a chance and order my usual size. i was a little worried as many reviews said the dress was small, but it was on back order and decided to wait before ordering a size up. the 0p was actually fine, yes, it is a little hard to zip up, but once on, it is totally fine... not even too snug... but i didn't sit and eat... we shall see. i don't plan on ordering the size up. i think the zipper needed some wiggling
Bring back the old retailer timeless pieces! this cardigan is very flattering, the flutter sleeves add a romantic touch to the cardigan. the colors are neutral, and the vine part (black) is like velvety. the fit is super flattering, i originally bought hte xs in the store, but decided to also order the xs petite to compare ( i am 4115 lbs, 5'1.5" and 30 dd, with 26-27 waist). both fit, but the petite was better fitted on my waist. also, the length would work better on top of dresses. i also tried
I like the cut and look of this shirt, and tried on the xs (fits 115 lbs, 30ss chest), but i find that the t-shirts lately are kind of thin and see through... the shirt is fun, and the color is adorable, but had to pass as i could see my bra too clearly for my liking.
"As others mentioned, love the little buttons, and the cut is flattering. i ordered the ""denim' one (multicolor). i didn't end up keeping it but will order again if goes to sale. likes: colors are fun, material is soft, buttons are beautiful, cut is decently flattering. what i didn't love is it looks wrinkled.

i ordered the xxs and xsp - only tried on xxs as i didn't think i would keep it anyway, but thinking of it, is should have still tried the xsp. arms were almost snug on me (i lift weight"
Love this top! got it in the blue and it looks great with jeans, shorts, crops...some say it's a little short and boxy. while the style is cut larger, i wouldn't call it boxy and i definitely didn't find it to run short. a great staple, wish it came in other colors besides white and black/gray.
The sweater is beautiful and lightweight. it is very short. i am short-waisted but felt that it was too cropped for me. the deign is lovely and the fabric is soft.
Feminine but not too fussy tee is a nice linen-like material. i got the white one which will go with a lot of my skirts, pants and shorts. unlike other reviewers, i didn't find it too short for me at all, but i am high-waisted. casual but with extras.
Very cute top. i went down a size because for me it was a little large in the back, but that was just my taste. i purchased the denim print.
Beautiful color and the fabric is very substantial and soft. but, they didn't finish the bottom hem! the dress is lined and the bottom inside has a ribbon sewn in as a type of hem, but the actual edge is just cut and not turned in on itself. because of this the whole bottom had a hundred little fabric frays. the rest of the dress is so polished it just doesn't make sense. also, while the fabric is beautiful my dress had a weird mark on the chest, almost like a water mark. just overall bad attent
I order from retailer regularly and am pretty consistently a 0 petite or xxs petite. i ordered this in a 0 petite and it was like 5 inches too small in the rib cage and chest area. even if i would have got it zipped up, the halter cut is cut narrow so you can't wear a bra for sure...strapless would be necessary. also, the actual neck part was tight. for reference, i am 5'3", 108 pounds and a 32c bust. it seems you need to be flat chested to pull this one off and maybe missing a few ribs.

I was so excited to receive this in the mail as it had been on backorder for awhile. the dress is beautiful, but run smalls the buttons on the back are nearly impossible to fasten. if you are single, good luck trying to get it buttoned. i'll be returning it.
This cardigan is oh, so pretty! it does have a cropped length; it fall exactly at my waist.
This is an interesting skirt. the fabric is comfortable, breathable and flowy. it is eye-catching. but the pattern is not one i would say i love, although i do like it. the lighter color in the pattern is more pink than off-white, which is fine, but that did surprise me a little. overall, i kept it for comfort and because i liked it enough for the sale price i paid for it.
Super cute!! will be buying another color of this tee.
Nice top that can be worn alone or underneath a sweater. can be dressed up or down and worn in all seasons.
I debated between the xs and the small..and ended up with the small because it's 100% cotton i probably couldn't probably gotten the xs one. we will see if it shrinks. i hope it does a little. i do wish the retailer sizing was a little more consistent because sometimes the xs is fine.
I bought this for my mom's birthday and she loves it. fits true to size and flattering for all busts. mom went up a size to be able to put a sweater underneath but she received lots of compliments at a recent function she wore this to. great lines.
"I love this top! i was thinking that i was going to need a x-large because i'm very ""busty"". i tried it on at the store, and the large was perfect! it's comfortable and flattering. not boxy at all. i bought it in plum and white. the plum is more a wine color than a purple, which i prefer. 

the buttons are beautiful, but i couldn't see myself buttoning and unbuttoning all of them, since they don't slide out of the buttonholes easily. but i had no trouble slipping it over my head with just a fe"
The idea of this shirt is awesome! it just needs to be made longer and not so boxy. the ruffle is darling! i would be so happy if the the designer made some modifications. i think a lot of people would buy it then.
This shirt is awesome. i absolutely love the style of this shirt! it's super flowy, and is a really breathable fabric. i've been wearing this shirt a lot lately with printed pants. the only downside is the quality of material. it kind of feels like this shirt could have been made myself with a plain t shirt and some basic sewing skills. it also feels like it's going to start falling apart at the arm seams. nonetheless, i adore the shirt, and will be getting a lot of use out of it this season! no
I first ordered this in the patterned denim. the online photo looks washed out in comparison. the blouse has very pretty detail all along the body and cute brass buttons. the pattern unfortunately looks more vivid in person and as result, i did not like. i brought it to the store and tried on white but it was very sheer (all though the pleating in front helps). i ended up exchanging it with plum which is also beautiful - not as much sheen as shown on the photo, but still beautiful.
"Love the design and colors
runs a but large through the middle"
I liked this top a lot when i saw it at the store - the cotton is soft and comfortable, the colors are good (i tried on the white, charcoal, and light aqua blue), and the asymmetrical edge really makes it. the subtle ruffle detail at the edge combined with the pieced asymmetrical hem takes it from a classic tee to a contemporary style. however, my store doesn't have petite sizes, and the regular size hit me at a point in the hip that wasn't super-flattering on me (at 5'1"). it imay be an excelle
I was looking for cute comfy stylish tees and was ecstatic when i came across this one. i purchased the coral and i love it! it's adorable on, i'm going to purchase another color. so happy!
I think this top works best for a petite person. i am 5'1" and 106 lbs. the xs is perfect for me. i love it so much, i purchased it in more colors. i machine washed and line dried. it washed beautifully.
I read the mixed reviews on this tee but i think the fit is flattering and comfortable. i sized down as i do in many retailer tops and it is fitted in the shoulder and chest and then widens away at the waist. the length hits me at the hip--i have worn it layered with a longer tank underneath.
This is a great t-shirt; i love it. it fits great, isn't too bulky and has a great length to go with anything. i love it.
A great basic t, so very much cuter than most. i have black and white both and wish it came in more colors.
I bought this blouse in plum. it is very beautiful, and is a gorgeous color for fall. since i bought this in-person i decided to try it on. i am normally an x-small in retailer blouses. i tried on the x-small, and although it did fit, there isn't much room. this could be a problem for women who are bustier and fuller in the chest and arm area.
This cardigan is beautiful with its cropped fit, flutter sleeves and vineyard detailing. i can see wearing this a lot this fall and winter. my only complaint is that the sweater was pilling/shedding quite a bit the first time that i wore it. i hope that that doesn't happen every time that i wear it. i also have yet to wash it to see how the fabric looks after washing.
I bought this in the white and it is super cute. more fitted at top, slightly belled at bottom and thankfully not see through
I bought this in the sky color (and sized down from my normal medium) and absolutely love it. i don't think it's boxy at all. on the contrary, i love the way it hangs (i don't find it to be short either, though i do tend to layer with a longer cami underneath). p.s. the ruffle detail is precious!
I ordered size large in the denim color and tops like this are the reason i shop at retailer. this is such a sweet little floral, vertical, slimming, goes with anything print. the buttons down the front close with loops. it's easy to unbutton a few and pull this over your head. i'm a busty 34g and there's no gapping or pulling. the shirt arrived with the sleeves rolled and i had a heck of a time getting those tiny buttons into the cuff but once in, the cuff is wide enough to just slip your arm thr
Beautifully made, designer sweater. and it's soft and comfortable. i decided to return because it's just too much for my body.  the fringe, which is quite long, overwhelmed my shape and i looked much larger than i am. the color is true white. the knit itself is fuzzy. it closes with a single button on the placket at the neckline. although not for me, i do recommend.
"Love this shirt so much i bought it in 2 different colors. the reviews said it was so boxy and plain, but i disagree. looks great with jeans or a skirt without looking looking too casual. love that they are not too long also. so many tees are soon long and these are not thank goodness.
definitely runs big"
"I absolutely love these tees! i have them in almost every color - i find i can wear them with almost anything (can dress them up or down)....
i feel like they are true to size. i purchased the small but i probably could have worn an xs too - i wanted a looser fit.
also, they wash and dry well too!
for reference: 32d, 27, 35"
This shirt has a great fit and a nice change from the swing style. short in front and longer in back looks great with the higher waisted pants and traditional skinny. nice details on buttons and trim
"This dress did not disappoint. it fits great. i'm 5'3"" and weigh 114 and i got a petite xs. length was perfect, i have a longer torso, so the waist was a bit higher than mine, but it didn't sit strangely and hung well. i am small chested, and the top fit me very well, i think if you have been blessed in that area, you may want to size up. 
overall, it really is beautiful, the pattern and the unexpected transition from one pattern to the next is just what i hoped for and why i buy from retailer. i"
I love this tee. as others have noted, the "pink" is really more of a coral orange, which is what i was hoping for. i wish they had another good color for a redhead because i would buy it.
As-advertised crop sweater is a great length. design is an iron-on velvet texture rather than intarsia. weight of sweater is great for transitional weather.
This is a darling little sweater. it is well made and the fit is true to size, however, it's just not long enough on me to be a top, which is what i was hoping for.  i thought it would be pretty with some high waisted trousers in a sort of 40's style but it's way to short on me for that. even with my highest waisted pants and skirts, it shows skin.  i think it can really only be worn as a shrug over a dress or something.  that explains why the model looks hunched over in some photos.  i'm still
I love this brand and the material of these shirts and have a ton similar and thought this was adorable with the sweet detail but it is super short and boxy and i felt uncomfortable with the length on me and it also made it so it wasn't so flattering on. such a bummer cuz its a sweet spin on a plain basic tee!
Just loved it at first sight and waited for it to come on sale .. i am usually a size 0 or xsmall but this one fits perfectly with a size 2 .. i am about 122 lbs and 5 ft 2 and this size fits really well - - petite is too short esp on the arms -- the lining is really nice as well - the design and the cut of this coat is really flattering unlike some of the boxy designs -- absolutely divine - just loved it !!
The best shirt to throw on with a pair of shorts and it's effortlessly adorable!
Love tracy reese finds at retailer! first day wearing this skirt and have already received a number of compliments! not a typical material i would buy clothing wise, but it's really comfortable and not clingy as i thought it may be. i appreciate the built in slip for some extra substance as well
This dress is very pretty and would be nice for a summer wedding. you will need to go braless or wear a strapless bra. i am sending it back because as it runs very small. i am a 34a and the size 2 was too snug across the top.
I have been wanting this coat ever since i tried it on in the store a month ago. it's beautiful and well-made. it fits tts, but a snug tts, so if you are between sizes, i would order up. grab this asap while the price is right and it is still available!
This skirt is true to size and very comfortable on! the colors are beautiful and deep! so glad i snagged this on sale! it will be a great piece to dress up or down depending on where i am going! love it! get it while you can!
This is a great shirt to wear with jeans or pants. i love the tucks in front with brass buttons. you don't have to unbutton all of them as the shirt slides easily over your head, i love the pattern and it is a great look for fall and later on winter . i think this will be my go-to shirt this season.
My first complaint is, this dress is pinned back so obviously in the video that when the model turns around (not all the way), you can see the pin in the back.  that should have been a clue that this dress isn't meant to fit anyone properly if it doesn't fit the model. i agree with another reviewer that the model in the still product photos sized up and up because the dress does not fit loosely in regular size nor is it that long.  you have to have a longer torso to pull off the top, or the fabr
This coat won't take me through a cold boston winter, but i will be willing to sacrifice a little warmth in order to take this beauty out for a night on the town. it's chic, slim, elongating and bold. it looks fantastic paired with some bold tall boots and solid colors underneath. as for sizing, i tend to disagree with most "runs small" reviews, but this baby runs small. especially if you really do live in a cold climate and intend to wear something substantial underneath. my bust measurement is
I picked this up during the bf promo and very happy to find my size 10. i was watching this coat, i call this really a topper, because it is not heavy and finishes an outfit, i went up to a size 10 because it runs slim as noted in the description and the reviews. i find this piece to be a reminder of the old retailer pieces i have collected over the years ( since 2001!) my chest is a 34dd and even then the 10 is snug. i can't wait to wear this bold statement piece, i purchased the bailly 44 navy p
"This skirt is so much better in person than in the pictures. fit is true to size, perfect drape, lined & not clingy, just perfect in every way. it's at such a decent price point too that i think it will sell out--grab it now in your size while you can! 

only ""con"" i can think of is that it might be a bit long for petite sizes, but maybe they make it in petite...?"
I bought this shirt in a l, since i didn't want it to be too fitted and was concerned a m would be. it is so boxy! it's like a completely different shirt. i have no idea how it looks good on anyone, unless it is simply widened the larger the size. maybe a m wouldn't be as wide and therefore as boxy, but this shirt is just a bad mess. returning.
I bought this tee in gray and i liked it so much, i got the pink as well. it is not see through or sheer in either of the colors that i purchased. for reference, i am 5'2" and the shirt hit at low hip. i ordered one size up for a"swing" look. very fresh, fun take on the basic tee. love it!
I have a couple of these tanks so i thought i would try the tshirt and its even more flattering than the tanks (which i also love) great material, doesnt stretch out like you would think it would and looks great with shorts or pants.
This is a lovely blouse. i think is a bit roomy, but even so, i like the look. i have to dress business casual for work and this blouse fits the bill as it's not too casual.
This is an awesome t'shirt and i'm so glad it finally went on sale. i had been eying it for a while: it's true to size, can be dressed up with nice slacks or dressed down with boyfriend jeans. washes great and looks different from other shirts -- the ruffles on the bottom really make a difference. gotten lots of compliments.
"I was going to order this coat online, but i ended up finding it in store. there wasn't a 2 petite available but the store had a 2 reg and i found it to fit well enough. i'm about 100 lbs with a 5 ft frame and a 34d chest. i was able to button up with a sweater underneath.

this is a fabric coat though i think it could have been great as a wool coat. the design and the colors make it easy to dress up any simple or basic outfit. i highly recommend!"
I bought 3 of these tops in different colors, the blue one had one sleeve noticeably shorter. sent it back. now less than 10 days later they are on sale. the style is darling and get many complements on the two i have. fyi i'm a 36d 130lbs and med fit great
I bought this very cute t-shirt in sky. wore it once, then washed it according to the washing instuctions (machine washable/dryable). this t-shirt turned into a crop top!!!!! i can't wear it. it's going to goodwill. i would suggest that you air dry this shirt, if you want to take the chance that it won't shrink up several inches.
I picked this dress up from the sales rack at retailer and immediately fell in love when i tried it on. the colors are prettier in person. the cut on the top is a little snug. my bust size is 32b and i got the size 2. i can see the top being an issue for bustier women. overall, wonderful quality and design! i'm wearing it today to combat the 90 degree+ weather.
This sweater is really beautiful! i love this brand and this piece is one of their best yet! the fringe is perfect and flowy, a sweater that you can team with jeans and boots and be the best dressed in the room. tts, soft with no itch, really happy i bought it, and because of the color and weight this is an all year sweater which i love, because i know i will not want to pack it away. it fits just like the photo.
I ordered the blouse in black. it's not quite black but maybe in between a brownish gray. very pretty color. it fits just right. would have like it just a tad longer.
I got this shirt in light blue. i absolutely love it. i just bought it for the summer and i wore it on a day where it was 85 and it was just perfect. it is a very light material and it's very flowy so it breathes very well. i got an xs. i am 5'6 and it fits just perfectly. highly recommend!
Gorgeous print on light weight layers in a cut that's flattering, feminine & fun.  i sized up and ordered the the 12p to fit my large rounded rib cage & 36dds.  i agree with previous reviewers that the bodice runs small.  i will add that the neckline is tight if you have a fat neck like mine.  stats are 5'3'' 140# 36dd 8/10 on top, 6/8 on bottom.
I'm a size 2 in retailer pretty much across the board - size 26/27 bottom, 2 top, generally go for the xs. and i ordered this in a 4 based on other reviews. it's definitely not a winter coat, which i understood. it's not for layering over a heavy sweater either. i wish i had ordered the size 2 instead so that it was a little snugger in the waist. as is i can wear it over a shirt, dress, or light sweater, and that's fine, but unlike other reviewers i don't think you need to size up if you want the
This is one of those you can tell from the hanger that it's not going to work. too boxy. too short. and the girlish ruffle makes it look like an over-sized child's shirt that got all messed up in the washing machine.
Soft and flowy and perfect for those in-between seasons.
I knew i would keep it as soon as i put it on -- comfortable, beautiful fabric, cute gold buttons!  as well, due to the cut, it feels roomy, but has a slender fit around the arms.  the "denim" color has beautiful detail, but i don't think i would like the maroon solid.  i wish there was another nonsolid color -- i would buy another one!
Runs almost two sizes small. i plan to wear as a jacket over a sleeveless dress / skirt / trousers like a suit. the material is sturdy. i recommend for early autumn or spring weather. once again, a collector's item with unique colors and design of pattern.
From unique shape to feminine design, this cropped summer sweater is the kind of item that attracted me to retailer thirteen years ago.  it's also flattering, especially for this petite, who doesn't like to show her upper arms.

This coat is just as nice as the russian one from a few years ago, and fits the same. it is stunning! i swear, life is way too short to wear only average coats. if you are a parks and recreation fan, think back to the treat yo self episode.....and you'll know what i mean! i can't say enough wonderful things about this one.
This is the kind of blouse you want at your reach when dressing on a humid day. cotton enhanced with beautiful detail. a very classic timeless, ageless piece. i bought the medium, which fits perfectly (size 8 top, 34f). my only ding is that the neck opening should be stitched less deep; there is a gap. funny thing is that, in the photo, the model's blouse is pinned exactly where i'm talking about. i didn't take off a star because i had a dressmaker fix the problem, but this was annoying. i wore

This dress is so light and twirly and the fabric is as airy as it is pretty. sadly the fit was a bit off. i am 5'7", 128. i tried on my usual sz 2 and found the top to be saggy at the armpits but too tight at the waist seam; going up to a 4 only made for a saggier top. most likely a great dress for lean or long-torsoed ladies, which sadly i'm not!
I saw this shirt on a friend and had to buy it right away! it has the comfort of a regular tee but the frills at the bottom give it that retailer look! true to size.
I bought this top in the store where i found they had a beautiful mint color not shown here. i think the length is perfect. so many of the tees, etc. are extra long, so it's nice to have a variety to chose from. i'm 5'5" and this little tee hits right where my legs begin. it is very free flowing and cool. i own several similar tees and tanks from this line and they are great when the weather gets hot.
Love this! it's loose and easy for summer, fabric is not too sheer. the asymmetrical ruffle is such a cute feature. washes well. i got the pink for myself (though it's a deep coral color - perfect for me) and the gray for my daughter. wish they'd had the powder blue when i bought ours; i'd have bought that color for her instead.
There may be no inner lining, but it is a gorgeous bra! and so comfortable! the straps and well make and sturdy and the detailing is stunning. it is absolutely true to size. 34c fit like a glove. a winner!
"I love this coat! i purchased the size 6. i am a size 6 petite, but they were out. plus i wanted the coat to be a little longer. i wasn't a fan of how high it was on the model. it fit as i expected. i will have to take up the arm length, and it hit a little longer than it did on the model. i am 5' 120 pounds. 34c

the quality is what i expected. it's excellent with lining. color is as shown. this coat will go with everything! i plan to dress it up and down. i purchased the ""orange"" pants and the"
As other reviewers said, this top is rather boxy. but i assumed it ran big, ordered a size down, & i love it. i ended up buying it in both black & white. personally, i don't find it too short. it hits (on me) just below the waist of my jeans - it covers up my tummy - which no one needs to see - but still looks youthful. the little ruffle detail & front seam take it from boring basic to something special enough to feel put together by just pairing with cute jeans. i generally wear a 14 & 38dd bra
I bought this dress for an awards ceremony, and couldn't be more pleased. the quality and detailing on the dress are great, and the hidden side zipper makes the dress easy to put on. i love that it's machine washable on a delicate setting. i've already worn it twice, and can't wait to wear it again for easter.
This is a beautiful dress and it was hard to let it go but, unfortunately, because the fabric is a little stiff, it accentuated my curvy back side in a bad way. it will definitely look great on someone with a smaller bottom. i tried the xs and did not experience the issues that other reviewers mentioned, such as the large arm holes.
This is the perfect tank for everyday but it looks like you've dressed up a bit. i love the flow and the ruffles and it looks super cute with a pair of skinny pants. really comfortable and it is good quality.
This dress is lovely. the embroidery is beautifully done and with bright colors. the material is sturdy. the fit is overall true to size but slightly small through the bust. the length is several inches above my knees and i ordered the 6 regular even though i am only 5'4". the pockets are a bonus!
This is beautiful dress with great fit. i agree with other reviewers that the top is small but works well for my small bust size. the fabric is heavy giving the dress a more sophisticated feel.

This dress you will want to try on in the store. it is very thick and stiff fabric. the whole front is embroidered and the big drawback for me is that waist seam. there is absolutely no give in that waist. this is not stretchy fabric and not easy for just any body type to wear. sad because it is very pretty on the rack!
This is so amazing! the dress is solid and will go under many different jackets kimonos and sweaters!
"Pros. 1) the color and texture of this skirt are gorgeous. twice as pretty as the photo .
2) you could wear this with almost any color top, black boots and youve got a great outfit!
3) the black side panels make this a very figure flattering skirt.

cons
this skirt is unlined. because it's a knit skirt on some mesh it's slightly seethrough. i'll wear it with a slip, but seriously for this price it should be lined"
I bought this to wear to holiday parties, but it would work for any special occasion. the embroidery is gorgeous and really pops on the black background. the dress itself is a brushed cotton that is thick enough to not to show every bulge. i said it runs tts. i bought the size 2 and normally would wear a 2 or 4 in retailer dresses. the dress is fitted through the torso and flairs at the hips, so you may want to size up or down depending on your body type.. i did not have any issue with the armhole

This was a rare full-price purchase for me. i do think that it runs slightly large, but that is part of the "look" of this dress. i considered sizing down to an xs for more definition at the waist, but they didn't have one in store so i decided to stick with my regular s. i look forward to wearing this with sandals while summer is still sweltering, but i also think it will transition well with tights, boots, and a cardigan when temps start cooling off.
This is a great, versatile everyday tee. the fit is flattering, and the material is soft and lightweight. this, like many retailer tops, runs large under the arms. i first tried the medium, and although i liked the way the tee hung, it gapped in my underarms. there was no small in my store, so i tried on the xs. it still hung nicely, and no underarm gap. love the simple colors - denim blue and gray is a great combination. liked it enough to pay full price:)
Pictures don't do this dress justice, color in store is much more vibrant! embroidered flower is more orange/coral colored. also, at certain angles (depending on the lighting) this dress looks navy blue versus black, which i enjoyed. sizing - while i could have gotten away with my usual 8 the side view was too voluminous and somewhat unflattering so i ended up sizing down to a 6 for a more tailored look.
I usually wear a size small in deletta. i am 5'5" and 140 pounds. the small ran true to size for me. saying that i am a size 8 so usually everywhere else i can take small or medium, so i can see how reviewers say it runs big. love the ruffles on this tank. makes it a little more special. super comfy and easy to wear. will be great for hot summer days in florida!
This is a really pretty top that you can dress up or down. the draping on the neck and shoulders falls nicely and i love the back with the lace. it is simple but unique and has nice classic lines. i am usually a pxs but based on the measurements i went with the regular xxs and glad i did bc the petite would have been too short.
"In agreement with all the reviewers before me, this dress is gorgeous!
i am 5'4"" 120lbs 34a and got this is in a size 0 and it fits perfectly but i would be in a little bit of trouble if i were significantly larger up top, so if you are, definitely size up.
the material is thick, structured and very well made. every time i wear this out i get a ton of compliments!
one of my favorite parts about it is the intricate embroidery on the neck-line that gives the illusion that you are wearing a necklac"
I ordered a 6 and it fit great i am 5ft 3" and 130lbs 34b in the chest! i love the fabric, i was drawn to it because i don't think it will wrinkle and crease as easily as other fabrics. it is a flattering cut and is very beautiful in person. the embroidery makes the dress unique.
This is a soft, comfortable shirt. it fits like a t-shirt should. i usually buy m but based on other reviews i purchased s. the fit on me in size small is similar to the model in the photo.
I love the idea of ruffles, but this shirt was huge! i normally wear a small or medium, and i got the small. it felt more like a large to me. maybe if you size down 1-2 sizes, it will work out for you. i'm going to take it back rather than exchange. i also wish it was a more lightweight material for summer, but it's pretty thick.
I ordered this on a whim during the 40% discount upon sale price. i was a bit worried it looked like a burlap sack initially, but after trying it on with an under tank and leggings i decided it was a keeper. its quite soft and is flattering. i usually wear a medium, got the m/l and fits well.
"I'm an xl in retailer tops, and the xl in this blouse fit nicely. tops from tiny can sometimes be really tiny, but this blouse is cut correctly for it's size. i'm full figured and busty and the xl fit comfortably. if you're athletic or have a petite bust or are slender you might be able to size down. 
.
the neckline is really beautiful and unique, and the shirt material is soft. the front is a very pale lavender, and the sleeves and back of the blouse are gray. there is a pale lavender lining fo"
I absolutely love this dress. the pattern is gorgeous and it is so comfortable. i have received many compliments every time i wear it. i will definitely start paying more attention to this brand when shopping retailer.
"Cute black t-shirt that runs absolutely huge 
i ordered  the extra small  because the extra extra small  was sold out 
 the extra small  was not even close to fitting 

 so disappointing very cute t-shirt for very big people do not buy if your petite"
"This is the perfect dress for going out and wearing to work (with a jacket or sweater and boots). it fits perfectly across the bust and waist and then has enough room to glide over the hips.
the material is structured enough to give me a nice curvy shape and the embroidery is well done and beautiful. my husband picked this out from the catalog and loved it on me as well."
I like this top because it covers the bum.  it is a little longer in the back than front.  it is cotton modal soft, and it is light enough for summer.  the ruffles add nice flow and fun detail. i bought this piece because it will make a nice top to wear in the summer, but classier than a tank top.  i also knew it would make a nice layering piece under a sweater in the winter.  i buy all my clothing pieces now based on versatility, material (for comfort), and classical style.
I really wanted to love this dress, but it just didn't fit in anyway. i ordered an xs petite, and it was very large. the lacing in the back is completely useless, and that's what i liked about the dress. i was thinking it would be unlaced more at the top (because of chest) and then lace more tightly near the waist. it was completely closed off and the dress was still very loose and unflattering. beautiful fabric, great color combo, bad fit.
I'm usually a 2-4 in retailer dresses and i was surprised how well the 2 fit. i like that the dress is navy instead of black, which makes it even prettier.the embroidery is very nice without being too much to wear for more casual activities. fabric is thick enough for wearing out in autumn with some tights and a sweater. prettier in person.
This dress has the same bold, great color as the picture. although it has a big "swing" to it, because the upper portion is a bit fitted, i don't feel like i look pregnant. the material is extremely well done and i like the above the knee styling. i'm very happy i bought it.
Love embroidery!
This dress is gorgeous. i tried it on in the store several weeks ago and loved it, but the cost was a deterrent. when it went on sale, i ordered it immediately. hoping it gets here soon! the fit is wonderful, length perfect, embroidery just beautiful, and quality is excellent. it is versatile, too; easy to dress down with a sweater and boots, and beautiful for a more formal event like a wedding. for fit reference, i am 5'8", 130 lb and ordered size 6 (this was the correct fit in the store). exci
This dress was adorable. i found it to be a little too short for my taste- i'm 5'9", and it hit mid thigh. i think you would probably see my rear if there were the slightest breeze, but it would be perfect on some shorter. embroidery was beautiful, and i loved the collar.  also a little sheer, but with nude colored under garments, it would've been fine. definitely try it out!
This skirt and top is nothing like the picture. the skirt is black not maroon. top is also black. although the skirt is nice, the image was fabulous. the side panels of the skirt are also a knit. quality is good but skirt is overpriced for what it is. would have expected suede or leather panels for the money. not sure if going to keep or not. was really looking for the maroon color instead of the black.
I just wore this dress tonight to my holiday party and received many compliments on it. it's so comfortable and even though the fabric is thick, it's not bulky or stiff like some embroidered fabric can be. and the side pockets make a great addition too. unlike other reviews, i thought the armholes were perfect. the cutout in the back is a nice touch, and i was able to wear a regular bra with it. the colors are beautiful and true to the pic, i was not surprised by the "brightness" of it like othe
Is it possible to be in love with a dress? i think so and i am. when i put this dress on it literally took my breath away. it is beautiful and very well-made. this dress is so fun! i wore it to an event this past weekend and received more compliments than i ever have on something i'm wearing. this beauty is so incredibly comfortable and bonus - it has pockets! i am a petite 4 and it runs very true to size for me. in the store, it looked more navy than black, but as i have it home, it is definite
I loved this shirt until the first time i washed it. it shrunk so much it became unwearable. when i returned it the salesperson said she had also bought this shirt and the same thing happened.
I wore this dress to work with a tan pair of booties and the compliments started upon entry and did not stop till the end of the day. very feminine and comfy all at once.
The dress is too loose and runs too big
I don't usually write reviews but this one definitely needs it. i bought this shirt in the wine color in a small. i'm 5'6" 135lbs and usually wear a small in retailer clothing. loved the color and fit of this shirt, a little longer and loose with unique detailing on the sides. i loved the wine color so much i bought the gray and white stripe one as well. when i bought the gray and white one i had to try on 5-6 smalls before finding one that fit just right. there was a significant difference in the
I was so excited to find this shirt on sale at my local retailer store. but, i did not notice the high percentage of rayon in the fabric, which caused the shirt to shrink significantly in the wash (even when following washing instructions). i washed it on cold with woolite and it is about half the length it was initially! i'm so disappointed. how can you make a shirt that can't withstand washing?!
This is one of those just throw on and go dresses that i love. it is breezy and easy, comfortable, but also polished and lovely with some really nice design features and a beautiful mixed print. you can wear it with some cute flip-flops, or polish it up with some cute boots.
Wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased and wore two of these. washed as directed and same outcome as everyone else. basically unwearable unless i maybe use it for a nightshirt. the shrinkage lengthwise was ridiculous. glad i didn't buy every color like i had planned to do!

So disappointing! everything i've owned from bordeaux has washed well and stood the test of time. one wash and this was ruined! shrunk terrible even after washing in cold water on delicate and laying flat to dry. completely ruined. returned it.
This is beautiful - the colors are rich (though the pink is slightly more noticeable than the model image. the length was just shy of my knees at 5'7", and the fit was overall swingy. i am happy with my normal size s, though i would be curious to see how the xs fits too. i suspect that it would be too tight in the shoulders but fit everywhere else better. one major difference that slightly annoys me is that the sleeves are not long as shown in the model shot. the flared portion starts at about m
Adorable, old school retailer; the only gripe i have is trying to get this on. the slip is similar to putting on a straight jacket. once you figure it out, then it's gorgeous. just be careful and lay it out carefully before you pull it over your head.
"Stunning! i got about 6 compliments the day i wore it. 2 different men i barely know said ""you're really rocking that outfit."" 

i wish they made this in petite as the xs is slightly big (i'm 5'3"" 106 lbs) but i kept it anyway since i'm both a little underweight right now and also since i was able to roll the top so that it was an appropriate length to wear with flats. 

i paired with a denim shirt- perfection."
Love, love, love this dress! the fabric is high quality; the colors are rich and vibrant. the fit is very flattering, with the open neckline and fitted waist. versatile piece that can be dressed up with heels and jewelry or dressed down with tights and boots. my usual size fits perfectly.
This top is very cute but runs large. i am a 32b and i had to take the xsmall. the back of the bathing suit only has one slot for closing it up so you can't adjust it.
Ok so when i bought this in every color there were no negative reviews. i loved this shirt. it was amazing. fit perfect was so comfortable. then i washed it. ahhhh. it shrunk so bad my3 year old could wear it. i washed it according to the tag. then the second color i just hand washed in ice cold water and laid flat and it still shrunk. man. i wish i could return these shirts. they are so bad. and i typically love bordeaux quality. these are horrendous.
It's a cute top but once i washed in cold water and laid flat to dry it shrunk and lost it's shape. very disappointed. i am going to return top.
I was hoping this top would be a nice architectural piece to add to my wardrobe with its straight black line accents. sadly, in the end, it is just a t-shirt. a large t-shirt. i ordered my normal size (medium) and this shirt ran more like a large. i also did not like the way the neck was hemmed. the fabric folds over itself, when i think a better design would have been a more simple hem. i ended up returning this item due to its size.
I purchased the dress on a promotion.  the dress i received had the sleeves end about the elbow.  i added a 4" black cotton lace to the sleeves.  i love the result.  it makes the design richer and brings out the lace running down the front of the dress.  the sleeves are a much better length for me now.  dress runs tts.  i purchased a medium, am 5'7", 150 lbs, really am large boned, straight up and down.
I loved this top when i wore it! it draped beautifully. i always snatch up all of bordeaux t-shirts because of the way they hang. but beware - you must dry this flat. i've always had no problem washing and drying their t-shirts, but this one shrunk up to half it's size the first time i washed it and is no longer wearable. it does say on tag lay flat to dry and they mean it!
As the previous reviewer stated, this skirt is a stunner, can be worn in all four season. it's long and runs on the larger side. so that you compare, i'm 5'9" and it goes all the way to the side of my foot. i'm 146lbs, 28 waist, 38 hips and always a medium on maeve, this skirt on a medium was too big for me, at least a size larger. take that into account when ordering. other than that it's a great purchase. can't wait for my exchange to arrive.
This skirt has a more dusty black background than the website lets on, which i love. the floral pattern is delicate and subtle, and the tiers give this gorgeous skirt the perfect amount of flounce. it is so versatile! the quality is excellent. the skirt is fully lined. it will take me easily through three seasons (the weight of it might make it a bit too warm for summer). i'm so happy i bought this!
I thought this would be cute with leggings based upon the length on the model. i forget that the models are almost 6 feet tall. this has a polyester slip goes under it that snaps onto the shoulders. it came down to my knees and was completely like a sack no leggings and boots with this one. lovely material but not at all figure flattering.
I loved this shirt so much i bought it in 4 colors. however, two of them shrunk. i was very disappointed.
How can you go wrong with soft cotton top that is neither too snug nor too loose? expect will wear these as layers under when really cold and by them selves in early spring and in the fall. great colors and love the multiple textures.
I just bought this dress in the store and i absolutely love it except for one thing. why are the sleeves on the actual dress so much shorter than the picture with the model? i suspect the model has long arms, not little t-rex arms, so why does the sleeve hit at the top of her wrist, while my lovely dress hits just past my elbow. it's a mystery. was the pictured item not what the store took delivery of? anyway, still a great dress, just trying to figure out if i should add lace or something to ma
Let me start off by saying i never write reviews, but feel compelled to so that no one else gets swindled into buying this beautiful one-time wear piece. i absolutely fell in love with this shirt when i bought it in the fall in black... perfect basic to wear under my new draped open vest from retailer! and perfect fit! i'm long torso-ed and long armed and always have trouble with fit. this being kind of oversized was just loose enough and long enough i could actually feel comfortable wearing it wi
This dress is absolutely beautiful! and, had it been just a little longer or a little shorter i would have kept it. but, the hem hit me at just the wrong spot! alas, i had to send it back :(
"This is a cute, flattering dress, however the drop-waist, the short length and the odd-length sleeves (shorter than shown in the photos!!!) added up to me feeling like i was dressing way to young. it just didn't convey an elegant, mature vibe. this dress is perfect for a 20s-30s woman who wants a versatile dress to wear on many occasions. it's great because it's not too expensive and you could wear it with any type of shoes.

my big problem is the lack of transparency regarding the actual slee"
"This review will be shorter as i already wrote another one and it was never posted..
----------
1) these are high quality jeans; the fabric weight is light enough you will be able to wear them year-round
---
2) i am 5'8"", 144 lbs, and the size 29 felt best on me; for this brand i typically wear a 28-29. i felt like the 29 was cut too narrow in the hips for my body type. for ref. i am athletic, with shoulders broader than hips. if you're unfamiliar with this brand know they do not use a lot o"
This one didn't work for me. there is no zipper, you climb into it from the very large neck hole. it was very low cut and the shoulders kept sliding off but the bottom half fit snug. the tie and waist seam didn't hit at my waist but the largest part of my middle. i tried other belts and it wasn't much better. the fabric and print were great. i love jumpers but this one went back.
This dress is so fun and very comfy! the slip it comes with pulls the whole dress together! it has been great for warm fall days, but i can see it being warn with leggings and boots into the winter. i love the combination of blocked deep colors along side of pastels. i'm 5'5" and the length is just right, not too short.
I ordered size large and find this to be way too oversized, wide, long and unattractive on my frame. the print is just okay but since it doesn't wow me, i'm returning.
I loved the look of this online and ordered the xs as maeve seems to run large and that was the smallest size offered. the length was good for me (only 5'4"). the elastic top fit well (32b) but then from there it was too much fabric. i thought this would be a straight fit or a slight a-line but it was just a huge amount of fabric on me...several inches on both sides big. i think with the large ruffle along the top and the tremendous amount of fabric hanging down from the dress underneath the ruf
I loved this shirt when i got it. it fit perfectly, and was so soft. but when i washed it, following the instructions, it shrank up to well above my belly button. i'm talking 6 inches of shrinkage, at least.
I saw this dress online and thought it might be an adorable eclectic piece to add to my closet. and was i right. the simple shape mixed with the bold pattern make this dress an awesome one to own. its easy and fun and funky. plus it has hidden pockets! beware though this dress seems to run a bit small. i would say if you switch in between sizes like me i can be a 6 or an 8 then possibly go with the larger size. i do have a large bust as well i wear a 34ddd so it shows some clevage but the girls
This skirt has a beautiful, flattering feminine fit. the floral pattern is delicate and a little different and, of course, the layers are what make this piece a stunner. i highly recommend it. can see wearing this all year, dressed up with jewels, or down with boots and a casual sweater.
After reading all the reviews i figured at 40% off i could at least try it. i'm 5' 3" and typically wear a m or size 10. i ordered the m, but as other reviews stated the arms were tight. since i'm expecting it to shrink, and want it to cover my booty, i ordered 2 colors in the l. it's exactly the oversized, slouchy look i wanted, without the neckline being too low, but will still be ok if it shrinks. i'll have these dry cleaned to minimize shrinkage. it's a wardrobe staple that looks great with

I got this skirt because its elegant and can be worn in three seasons. it is stylish and can easily be dressed up or down. i usually wear an xs in bottoms and this runs about one size large in the waist area. still, i am keeping it and plan to have it altered. it is cute and completely worth the extra effort
Love the fabric, fits true to size, great quality.
Love this length, print and material! have already worn 2 times and wears and washes well! sleeves are short than pic shows but i don't mind...
Bought two of these because i loved the way they fit off of the rack. washed them according to directions and they were ruined. the material shrank up making the shirt short and boxy and the side panels ended up being rippled. definitely going to try to return these.
"This is a great shirt. it's super comfortable and fits nicely. not too big and not too small.
you can wear it with leggings or dress it up with skinny jeans and boots.
i bought the striped and black one. i highly recommend it."
I thought these were great everyday shirts for the price. i got them on sale over christmas. they fit well and i really love the striped shirt. the navy is an odd color and looks strange with jeans but i love the top regardless

Super soft and the trimming on the neckline and sides adds character to the shirt. runs a bit shorter than i expected.
I first saw this dress in one of the stores and the rich colors caught my eye. this dress is very comfortable to wear but is also unique. the fabric feels great on and gives the dress an overall stylish flair. the photo doesn't do it justice!
I purchased this shirt in a medium, in the wine color. i love the drape and fit of the shirt. it has a laid back vibe and the material is supper soft and comfy. it is also a bit more substantial than some of the thinner shirts i've bought at retailer. you could easily dress this up or down. i wore this shirt a couple times and then machine washed it on cold on a delicates cycle and dried it flat. it majorly shrunk! now i can't wear it because the length shrank at least an inch or more. if you purc
I am 5'4", 100lbs, petite frame, i bought this dress in xxsp. the fabric was good quality and thicker than i have imagined, good for fall, maybe a little warm for the hot humid summer days, but perhaps a cooler summer day. unfortunately this dress runs pretty large, much too large for my petite frame, so i had to return it. i would recommend sizing down. this dress is very beautiful and would be great to wear to work or out for after work drinks, also maybe a bridal shower or other brunch event.
I picked this up this weekend. so gorgeous! i usually don't do maxi length. at 5'3" it can be overwhelming. but this is so flattering! this is floor length on me. i picked up a couple tops at another store because the suggested sweaters were just too baggy for my frame. i'll pair it with a cream blouse (pictured) to dress up and a pink crepe blouse and denim jacket for a more casual look. i'm usually a 4 and the small fits perfectly.
"This beautiful, soft, swingy, dress is oversized on me.  usually when someone reviews that a dress runs large but their body type is opposite mine, i pick tts and 90% of the time i'm right.  not so in this case. the outer dress is very wide and the amazing super stretchy under slip is too large also.  debating on sizing down because of potential shrinkage after laundering.  i bought m and my stats are 5'3"" 140# 39/28/35.  dress ends just above my knees.


agreeing with the previous reviews th"
When the top arrived and i tried it on; it was great. the length was perfect even though i am curvy. after one wash (done according to the directions), the top shrank in length considerably. i do not mind paying a higher price for something unique and something of quality.....i do have a problem with something that does not hold up to basic use. i will be returning this item.
Loved this dress but ran much larger than other maeve dresses i have ordered in the past!

Wonderful fabric. surprisingly great fit. super flattering. i'm so glad i bought it, despite jumpsuits being a bit of a risk online.
"It was the color that prompted me to take this dress to the fitting room. as seen in the photos, it is a deep burgundy or dark maroon. though the color is deep and rich, the design of the dress makes it lighter and easily able to be worn during the heat of the summer. 

in the later months of summer and early fall, i will wear this dress without leggings for a transitional look. when the temps cool down, though, i will wear leggings or tights throughout the winter with the dress. it will easil"

These are nice dusty rose pants. they have a great textured design on them. they will look nice with a plain white tee or chambray shirt for brunch! i will say they are not soft like sweatpants, definitely feel like a poly-blend but the look makes up for it. the material is a little on the thin side and they are not lined....but not see-through either.

I tried on and bought this shirt in my usual size and it fit long and loose but still had great shape. after hand washing in cold water and air drying, as per instructions on the tag, the shirt shrunk significantly. so much so that my stomach shows if i raise my arms at all. it also lost its shape, and now looks very boxy and is very unflattering. i won't be wearing it and am disappointed i didn't even get to wear it once!
"I love swing dresses and normally order l , but this one turned out to be way too large. and as other customers said the sleeves are short , so the whole look is out of proportion. the colors are much brighter than they appear in the photo. the dark patches are a bright peacock color and the hot pink is just too much for my taste.the material design is not as classy looking as it comes across on line.so sad because i love this dress pictured on line and this is not it. 
the quality of the slip"
I wear cardigans pretty much every day since my office is chilly and i need something a little dressier to be able to wear that will keep me warm. i love the design of this cardigan which makes it very flattering-the longer in front is a style i gravitate toward and i like that the back isn't just straight but it has that little flair-this is not something that is commonly seen in a cardigan (unless it is short all the way around) and it was great attention to detail by the designer. i like the
I really like this top, it is form fitting and i think true to size that i would normally wear. i do not think the v-neck is too low so that i would feel comfortable wearing this even to work. i was surprised at how thick the fabric was, but i am typically cold so i like this feature. the criss-cross design in the front and back of this garment is very flattering and i get a lot of compliments whenever i wear this piece.
This product runs either really small or is super high waisted. either way not for me.
I just purchased these jeans on-line in my regular size 27 (5'4", 27/35, 116bs) and they fit me just perfect so they are tts. they are super soft and there's just enough stretch in these that i'm able to bend easily yet they retain their shape nicely. the pockets in the front are super cute in person and the back gives a really cute look. the color is just as shown in the picture, a nice shade of blue that's in the middle plus they are really incredibly soft. i'm only 5"4" but found the regular
Cute sweater to wear over a dress or tank top. looks better on than in the pictures.

I wanted to love this top. unfortunately, the color & fit didn't work for me. i'm a 36ddd. the fit was ok, it even flattered my bust, i just felt the stripes didn't flatter my waist. this would be perfect for an athletic frame.
I normally wear a xs, but i got a small so it would be a little longer. great quality and adorable!
These little shorts have become my favorite. they are so sweet and feminine and very comfortable. the fabric washes very well
I definitely agree with the other reviews, however i really like this skirt because it will go with a variety of tops to dress it up, or down, as well as color options. the tricky thing is that it runs super small. i'm usually between a 6, or 8 (28/29), and ended up getting a size 10. i don't like high waisted skirts or pants, so it sits just below my navel and is very comfortable. maybe best to try on in store, but worth it!
I tried this on as it was on sale and my size was on the store. i didn't end up buying it as it felt jsut meh compared to so many cute cardigans. i do have a couple of grey ones and tried on grey, so perhaps i jsut dind't need it... pros: short so would work with dresses and high waist.
I wasn't sure about the color but ordered based on how much my stylist loved it. my usual xs petite fits perf daly, no chest problem (30dd) and the length is quite nice. romantic look, the drawstring in the back helps making sure the dress fits properly at the waist. it is a high low style with flowy skirt. overall great. i need to stop going to the store"
This sweater looked so promising with the tie waist and pretty lacy edging, but turned out to be a disappointment. it was much shorter than it looks in the photos and barely came to my hips. and the plum color was much darker than i expected, more of a dull brownish-burgundy.
I love love love this cardigan!! i ordered it in plum, regular small as they were out of petite small ( my preferred size). i was very impressed with the quality of the cardigan. the details like the sheer fabric around the neckline are very delicate and beautiful. the waist line sits exactly where it should. i was worried it would sit too low as i am short and did not get this in petite sizing. so maybe i should say this cardigan runs small. i think i have found the perfect cardigan. it goes wi
I ordered the blue in size xl. it's even prettier in person. the fit runs a little smaller/shorter on me than shown on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. i love the detailed stitching. it is delicate and can catch. my dog's claw pulled on it and i had to reweave the thread back. i've washed mine twice, reshaped & air-dried. it didn't shrink much at all. it's perfect for spring & summer. i've gotten a lot of compliments on the shade of blue. it's really so pretty.
I love this top and bought it in both colors. what's really fun is that i found a pair of espadrille sandals to match the sandy beige and white colored top and i have attached a photo of me under my arbor to show you. these tops are designed to have a flattering fit. i ordered size small and they are not too tight. i am 36 c in the bust line and an hour glass figure on bottom. i love that they are off the shoulder a bit and in a v neck, which is flattering on me. the material is soft and of good
I was hesitant to try this top on because i thought it might be too tight, and then was delighted to find that it is so comfortable and flattering. i am usually a m and the m fit me great. i have to disagree with another reviewer that this top is for those of us b cup or smaller. i am a d and it fit me great. it's got enough give and support (great fabric and wrap design) to fit a wide range of bust lines. it's a great blend of being attractive without being too revealing. i love it. got it in b
I'm about 5'9" and this sweater was too short for me. the arm length was great but the overall length was just too short :-( i'll be returning this one.
This is a very substantial, warm sweater that is so classy and super soft and just different enough. really great with neutral sweater leggings or jeans with boots. you have to wear a longer tank or tee underneath as it it split on the sides but the belt cinches the whole sweater in.
I purchased this to wear in spring and summer for work or in the evening. i am 5'8" and have actual measurements of 29" ribcage and 33" at largest part of my bust. i wear a 32c/d bra. i found this dress fit me perfectly in the bust and the darts on the front create a flattering shape. i was disappointed in the waist at the back. from the photos, it is not clear that there is a drawstring waist cord. i thought this made the back look bunchy. i would have much preferred a side zip so the back coul
Love this skirt its like a denim feel so there is good structure, love the colors anything goes with it, and i love pockets very comfortable day skirt for just around town
I couldn't agree more with that first review. i would add that it does run large.the leg holes are big. beautiful flower watercolor design as it shows in the picture. soft fabric and thin elastic waist band. no fake string tightener or buttons. simple and romantic. yet still a good sleep short to prance around the house in:)
Just didnt like the fit. it "puffed out" in front, so that wasnt very flattering. i have an hourglass shape, and this was not a good fit for me.
Shoulders hide bra straps well - relaxed, but flattering fit. comfy, but can be dressed up!
"I purchased this sweater in the grey and loved it.
much prettier in person, the photos do not show the delicate details, which are lovely.
i found that it fits true to size and has a very flattering fit.
it is also a very versatile piece depending on what you pair it with.
i love it so much that i purchased the peach and wine colors as well.
i found all 3 colors beautiful and each gives this sweater a different look.
the grey is sophisticated and works well with almost anything.